Mechanical Project Engineer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

R O B E RT S M IT H Website: cammemmery

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

Mechanical Engineering professional with exceptional levels of expertise, Strong technical,
analytical, leadership, and cornrnunication skills with practical experience in engineering.

SKILLS
------

Autocad, Inventor, SolidWorks, Matlab, Simulink, Labview, MS Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, MS
Project.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Mechanical Project Engineer
Giorgio Foods Inc. - October 2010- 2019

Manage a variety of capital Improvements and major repair operational effectiveness and efficiency.

Perform project goal and scope definition, capital cost, project planning, and scheduling.
Coordinate with vendors outside contractors, scope, schedule, and budget.

Manage project installation, start-up, operating personnel.

Develop and implement cost-effective manufacturing processes, with product specifications and quality standards,

Research and assess the application of beneficial technologies, processes,

Provide technical consultation, assistance, and leadership to cornpliance standards that are
adhered to on all jobs.

Mechanical Project Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2010

Project management for small capital and expense projects, ranging from $2K to $5 00K, within the cross- functional area operating tearn,

Turnaround project coordination for 2004 Crude; Platformer turnaround, including cost
tracking, package Issuance and monitoring for over fifty small capital and expense projects,
Responsible for day-to-day maintenance engineering responsibilities for 23 operating units,
including fixed and rotating equipment, as well as heaters and all other operating equipment,
Worked closely with the fixed and rotating equiprnent reliability engineers to address reliability issues within operating units,

Participated In unit Process Hazard Analyses, and completed all required P&ID updates resulting from such,

Two month assignment as ternporary PSM coordinator, Including administration of Knowledge Managernent System (electronic Management of Change, Incident Investigation and Process
Hazard Analysis Recommendation tracking proararn).

NOTABLE Leadership Texas Power Apeline, April 2010,

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
National American University