FIRST NAME LAST NAME

AUTOMOTIVE ENGINEER

Dynamic, adaptable, and solutions-driven Automotive Engineering Graduate from University Name who is
ready to apply his academic foundation in a professional setting. Detailed experience in CAD coupled

alytical, research,

nodeli

with hands-on expe wineering drawings. Offering robust a

nee in automotive repair and ©

and organiza

jonal skills coupled with a strong, technical and methodical aptitude. Effective communicator who

quickly builds trust and contidence when exchanging vital information across numerous department plat

orms

Aggressive in identifying and resolving, inefficient ¢

CORE SKILLS

perational processes and excel in fast-paced environments.

- Automotive Mechanics ¢ Manufacturing Processes ¢ Equipment Analysis
- CAD Modeling . Product Development . Technical Writin;
- Engineering Design ¢ = Fabrication& Calculation ¢ = Interpersonal Communication

Software Skills; NX Unigraphics | MATL

EDUCATION
---------

Degree Name Date

University Name ~ City

B | CarSim | Maple | Microsoft Office Suite

ant Coursework: Engineering, Design | Statics & Solid Mechanics | Electric Circuits | Fluid Mechanics

motive Engineering | Computer-Aided Design |Manufacturing and Production Processes | Control Syster

Mechanical Vibrations | Powertrain Design | Fluid Power Systems | Mechatronics | Combus'

Vehicle Dynamics & Control | Automotive Structural Design | Stress Analysis | Chassis Systems Design

on & Engines

- Project Name: Acted as the

person team for the design

{ an amphibious autonomous robot that can

function on land and water. Performed the CAD

deling of parts, calculations, technical writing, and

designed the chassis, suspension, and drive train. Led weekly meetings, liaised with advisors, and ensured

Is and deadlines were met. Received award for the best Capstone Project of this year.

PROJECTS
--------

- Chassis Systems Design: Led a 4-person team in designing a st

pring system for a passenger vehicle,

Performed research and fe:

bility analysis, designed parts and prototype with NX, constructed prototype,

and developed a maintenance manual and presentation.
- «Powertrain De Accountable for compiling

en: Designed a powertrain system for a small pickup truck as part of a S-person grou

and editing

gineering report, technical calculations, performance ev and selection of engine and transmission parameters.

ta 4-strob

gasol:

- Air Standard Engine: Designed the parameters agine

- Vehicle Dynamics & Control: Simulated effects using CarSim of front and rear suspension characteristics on
handling characteristics at 100 km/h and steering wheel rate of 30 deg/s.

- Automotive Structural Design: Performed SSS-based structural analysis to determine the material that would

maximize stiffness and minimize vehicle weight. Developed and presented the findings
- Tire Handling Machine: Designed an autonomous robot as part of 8-person team capable of picking up and placir

and fu

3 different size tires from 3 conveyer belts. Performed the CAD modeling, Finite Element analysis,
NX, Created eng:

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

y Date
- Accountable for sales targets, store maintenance, and opening, and closing duties

{ motion simulation usir documents and wrote the final

neerir

gineering report

Title | Company Name - €

- Provided expert customer service, ensuring all questions were resolved in a professional and timely manner Key Achievements ¥ Achieved the President's Club

- Always finished first in monthly sales for the sales representatives at the store

istinction for being the top producing sales representative for the qu:

Title | Company Name ~ City Date


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)