Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

Co-Founder & Data Scientist (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Over 12 years of experience in Data Managernent, Integration, Analysis, SKILLS

Software R&D and big data projects, 6 years system analysis and SAS, R, Python, Matlab,

presentation in Logistics, Telecom, Finance. SQL, Hadoop, Oracle, SQL Server, Java,

WORK EXPERIENCE Machine Learning, Hypothesis Testing, Time

Co-Founder & Data Scientist Series Analysis,

XCG DesignCorp - April 2016 - 2019 Marketing Analysis,

Re sponsibilities: Visualization, Excel

- Statistical Data Modeling, Database Data Modeling, Advanced R/SQL Modeling. Development.

= Perform data-extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) development and prograrnming. LANGUAGES

= Perform data-mining, data analysis and performance measurements on English (Native) business-information systerns by using analytics tools and French (Professional)
methodologies. Spanish (Professional)

= Carrying out Marketing Analytics (Basel II), Risk Managernent (Logistic regression) and Survival Analysis to evaluate custorner information, INTERESTS

= Worked on importing data from various sources and performed transformations using Map Reduce, Hive to load data into HDFS. Sede

= Configured MR/Sqoop jobs to import data from RDBMS into HDFS. coning ring

- Created HBase tables to store variable data formats coming from Reading different portfolios,

Data Scientist REFERENCES
Cyberdata Tecineingles Inc - 2014 - 2016 Aafpiahee i (Cannel Responsibilities: Name)

= Insupport of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Reference - 2 (Company

activities, Dr. Name)

= Kunkel supports the transition of the models from a research system to a fully operational systern operated by the National Centers for
Environmental Prediction (NCEP) Central Operations (NCO) in IDP cloud computing system.

- Establishing and enhancing operational monitoring working with the SDMs to identify monitoring gaps documenting; operational review meetings, be farniliar with all aspects of NCO operations creating an archive of operational problerns and solutions.

= Dr,

- Kunkel participates in Senior staff meetings which track issues with all of NOAA applications, including issues with retrieving and storing real time data, supercornputer operation and networking issues.

= Also, Dr.

= Kunkel, as lead for the Space Weather task at CyberData, provides guidance and oversight for Space Weather science activities to identify
and investigate a new modeling capabilities, research developments, and observational advances as well as explore the interaction with

- Ths Eree Resuine Template is the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Guiielings


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Community College of Denver