AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Planning reguianons
Health & Safety

Wind farms

Contract administranon

Feasibility studies
Large scale excavations
Procurement

Technical documents

Auto CAD

PROFESSIONAL
Advanced First Aid

German Speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS
Analytical skills

Wrinng shalls

Confident communicator

Superb organiser

PERSONAL DETAILS

April Gallagher

Civil engineer resume

PERSONAL SUMMARY

An experienced civil engineer who possesses the required level of strong initiative,
motivation and drive needed to achieve long-term success, April has a proactive
approach to career development, and is willing to travel to project sites around the
world, including remote environments with limited communications or logistical
support. Having 2 long track record of always contributing to continued business
improvement processes of her employers and to the mecting of a proects objectives.
‘She is currently looking to join a dynamic company of motivated and hardworking
professionals who are committed to delivering high quality engineering and
environmental services,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Construction Company « Coventry

CIVIL ENGINEER June 2010 ~ Present

Responsible for managing and executing projects, including time and budget
management and quality control. As well as delivering projects successfully and being
accountable for project plannang and direction.

Duties:

© Assisting in the supervision of civil, building works or services contracts.
Challenging structural architects m terms of proposed solutions i,¢. construction cost,
technical requirements, sustainability, sustability or quality.

Rissasing couapliancs with ofl geajeck (A peotedgres und nequinesesti.
Sustaining client relationships and developing new business.
Preparation of bids and monitoring of project costs and progress.
Liarsaing wath clients and sub-consultants.

Construction Company « Walsall
TRAINEE CIVILENGINEER —_ April 2010 — June 2010

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

© Extensive LT skills, and able to use these to input, manipulate, extract and present
information,

© Undertaking mspectons, data collection and supervising construction of work,

Level headed, diplomatic approach to working with others.

Experience of environmental design and management, including all aspects of water

supply and management for mine sites.

Designing and developeng projects and programmes of maintenance work.

ee ee ee et ee oe as ere ee

Knowledge of computer drafting software.

Able to mentor graduste engineers.