Advocate Supervisor Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH eee eacanccaleonemere

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

10 years circulating experience with various surgeries Including but not limited to: vascular,
orthopedies. general surgeries, ENT, gynecology, and urology, familiarity with most equipment used
in the OR,

SKILLS
------
Documentation Of Goals And Other Information For Clients, Word Processing, Power Point, Excel.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Advocate Supervisor
ABC Corporation - Scpiember 2011 - September 2013

Non-Profit Organization, On-call 24/7, documentation, working with other service praviders
Advocate - Parent and Youth, working with at risk children, youth, foster children and parents
and parents with disabilities,

Work directly and indirectly with clients and families, paperwork and crisis intervention.
Work on specific skills and needs with cach family and individual client.

Maintain a professional relationship with cach individual client and high standards of confidentiality for cach client.

Maintain duties of mandate reporter and maintain communication with direct supervisor,
Work directly with parents and youth in their homes, at YAP office and community services.
Work with Community Resources with clients to help with strength based goal setting.

Advocate
DIVISION OF YOUTH AND FAMILY - 2006 - 2011

Newark, New Jersey 1987 to Present Special Home Care Provider Providing bealtheare for Foster Care Unit of the State of New Jersey

Provided quality child care for 13 children, working with medical insurance and benefits, helping substance abuse families (n crisis with children born HIV+, providing structured
support in my home

Creating and maintaining a stractured environment

Coordinating medical visits, and abiding by all HIPAA laws

Advocate lor what is believed to be in the best interest of the children

Participate in decisions about medical treatment for child {and family)

Advocate lor services and support from the community.

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor's in Community and Human Service with a concentration in Family and disability
services - 201 0(Empire State College - Saratoga Springs, NYJAS in Early Childhood Education -
2006(SUNY Canton - Canton, NY}

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.