Granger Fisher
189 Evergreen Ln. Cem: $55.322 7337
Memphis, TN 38018 example-emailigexampie com

SUMMARY
------- pie sent tah crortacesdgrtel ales cy nah ba ve: bese apoieces sr ier aoe orale a

HIGHLIGHTS
----------

- Project management ¢ Erosion and sedimentation contol

. «Land development planning

- Technical plan execution * Strong technical apttude

- Water piping design © Complex problem solver

- Materials managemert © Critical thinker

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Civil Engineer 012011 - Current Nelson Land Development Memphis, TN

Mentor and train junior engineers on design of piping systems and sedimentation control processes.
Plan and direct the execution of technical, economical, and administrative functions, of various projects.
Oversee technical engineering statf to quarantee the successful completion of the project.
Wihe daily detalled reports logging work progress for quality assurance purposes.
Wiite daly detailed reports logging work progress for quality assurance purposes.
Civil Engineer 1072005 - 122010 Public Works Department, City of Memphis Memphs, TN:
‘Tested sot to determine the adequacy and strength of concrete, asphatt and steel foundations.
Cornputed load and grade requirements and material stress factors to Getermine design speciications.
Implemented complex design software and drawing too's to plan and design transportation systems,
Collaborated with contractors and chenits as the on-site engineer for several large public projects.
Aided other departments in development of plans and cost estimates on road, parking kx, and drainage projects.
Created detailed pubic reports regarding bid proposals, Geeds, and environmental impact statements.
Produced and issued prease techrucal speaficatons and data sheets,

EDUCATION
---------
Bachelor of Science: University of Tennessee - Civil Engineering 205

Memphis, TN Recipient of Arthur Michaels Scholarship

Affiliations Licenses
Licensed and Registered Professional Engineer - Tennessee, Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, and Louisiana

TECHNICAL SKILLS
---------------- AROCAD, Civil 3D. MATMAN, HYDSYS, SANSYS, WATSYS, KYPIPE, Microsoft Office Suite


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.