HOWARD GERRARD

Accountant

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Company name 2016 - Present ACCOUNTANT - Location

Responsible for ensuring the smooth running of the accounts department. Advising and updating the Director on irregularities or concerns about invoices & financial matters.

- Keeping financial control records for expenditures, allotments and receipts ete.
- Verifying financial documents for validity, accuracy and completeness.

- Managing the receipts and deposits of cash and bank transactions.

= Ensuring that all invoices and staff reimbursements are paid accurately.

SUMMARY
-------

Howard is considered an expert Company name 2015-2016 sniagng scumpiaa ACCOUNTANT - Location
finneicts and looking after bs Maintaining the quality of financial controts. Organising and co-ordinating the work of
‘accounts. He is able to perform junior accounting personnel. Locating errors in accounting records.
speed as well as accuracy and can be relied upon to provide ‘accurate and trustworthy information about financial
transactions. He is confident in
his ability to play 2 strategic Company name 2014-2015 role in any business. ACCOUNTANT - Location
Reviewing monthly departmental Profit and Losses. Assisting with financial and tax audits. Detecting and preventing fraud. Controlling income and expenditure.

= Assisting colleagues in other departments with preparation of the annual budget.
= Implementing departmental accounting policies, procedures and processes.

= Using financial tools and techniques to evaluate business opportunities.

= Presenting accounting dats in a clear and understandable manner.

EDUCATION = Documenting internal financial controls and producing detailed expenditure reports.
= Completing VAT returns as well as writing cheques and setting up BACS payments.
- Writing large cheques for suppliers and setting up BACS payments for clients.

- Giving professional accounting advice to thase who ask for it or need it.

University 2010-2013 Course details

More text Company name 2013-2014 ACCOUNTANT - Location Responsible for drafting responses to queries in respect of submitted accounting
computations. Creating, implementing and monitoring staff bonus schemes.


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University