Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

Food and Beverage Manager/Captain (123}-456-7899 info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Accomplished and energetic Food and Beverage Manager with a solid SKILLS
history of achievernent in service and restaurant management, Contributed Food and beverage
in bringing Coldwater Golf Club to most improved golf course of the year in service training and

2015, within 60+ Landscapes Unlimited properties. Met or exceeded Projected budgets every month and exceeded revenues frorn previous 11+
years multiple months in 4 row. Successful track record in overseeing day

management, hotel management, POS

% ; é systems, financial to day operations, marketing, HR and training of ernployees. pisehihg eed conte:

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Food and Beverage Manager/Captain LANGUAGES
JBI, LLC - 2015 - 2019 English (Native) Responsibilities: French (Professional)
= Responsible for analyzing data, drawing conclusions, implementing Spanish (Professional)
appropriate changes, and meeting deadlines, = Responsible for assuring attainment of governmental regulations INTERESTS
governing food and beverage.
= Responsible for assuring excellent in custorner and employee relations. kc RON = Responsible for achieving $30 million optimized operation, addressing Cooking
emerging priorities, analyzing sales reports to identify opportunities, Reading ensuring transactional integrity, and maintaining facility standards.
- Developed guest-service training programs for management and French cast including overcorning language barriers. REFERENCES = Cornmunicate with cast effectively to proactively address opportunities and coach to grow individual skill sets. Heli ~ 1 (Company = Execute all steps of Food and Wine and other special events, from Reference - 2 (Company forecasting to post-event evaluations. Name)

Food And Beverage Manager
ABC Corporation- 2014 - 2015 Responsibilities:
= Managed the Restaurant, Bar, Banquet Department and the Kitchen Did weekly Schedules for all departrnents.
= Cornpleted Monthly Inventory of food and liquor.
- Implemented training course for better serving the guest and Roorn Service, = In Charge of hiring employees for the Food and Beverage Department. = Completed a weekly banquet gratuity spread sheet for servers payroll, = Worked a couple MOD shifts every month and completed appropriate end of shift paperwork, = Assisted weekly BEO meetings..

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management - (Eastern Michigan University - Ypsilanti, Ml)

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)