CATION

Emily Walsh
LY Koos Ses Freecioce, CA + Pheer: +1 176 Sie

Hewes, TX LiFMS = peesent.
- Cobaboesting oth Global Portfolio Management be manage the poetiche and indivaual choot ik

- Working with manapemest on tranaction teen
- Déerlop aad update aaahyses Wo sapped trkcting activity, ated Coortinels with benders on delivery of project wark = Seerce aed create peck and marketing material, larg eh poodent partners aed te Bankers ® leveled in day to day poopct management aed ceccetion rapport
- Mireinwing calling plans to encore bedeen developenent ic puroed scree: the chent base and that deak rep icated

a
# Dudding detailed financial models and performing financial and valuation aralyem ancl preparing
proelolbon males.

CUR-INVESTMENT RASSING ANALWST

ORMID OTOLS

Proende Prageel Webreipe Lape) bi setae! Leaith Oe bers.

Providing project mmagement wepperi to we tea member

Nay to dey mo ragerent of trarccting weet coarse

Working apo part of the deal tear to supper! sorters in deal orygieelion and ceuccuien Dewrlop aad seraitioa franck’ mectele

Leads by cumnple with altioeds aad work cihie

INVESTMENT BASERING ANALTST

Lass CA

oy2005 - 10

= Destlopiog reletenlign with poet in othe: orgematicons, including other advieon in order to develop
market saucers wad bald 2 nearer

® Deerlep rclatenhips wath peers in ofher orpasnetom. acheding of het advisor tn onde: lo develop
mocket wear and bed a netecrk

. Asset with aNeacting ¢ qwakty worklerve. ix. osllege reveading avtivibes

andi

eedicatern . oak: Cha ails enibtdhbns eel oadinacadatcaeahd both internally and cuterralby
- Create puch hose and coher preenevion mares, com matte: rewarch aad perform dow hkgrrce = Performing varices comteol related furstica yech os SOL scll-aedih. peeks recuncikstaen. procuctios d& recosnhation of management reportiag, atc

USIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA S48 DEG Ravhetors Degeee le Flaaene

- Sebel fromcial analwels stl, with the abdlity 10 predduce sccerass procestation material quickly (you gan @, and cin comnerboete i to ethers)

® Strong werk ethic, caccptional atiencion to detal, und ability co resnage meatiple deadires ender preerare

. ed eee ra eee ge

- Dctal-onented, onganned ad able ic work an part of a too

= Detad omested ant very goad probbery solving ahih

= Abtkty tp werk on several prosects concuremntly and pooemn the desire to Seare quickly in a fast-peced and
dyuares eaeroament

» Strong attertioe to dete

- Micssnlt Nacel peeliciont (Pivet tables, WLook Ups, Maceo, etc}

- Sirong come areceticn shdh (both writin & errbal) ot all ce geersetiveal bevels ~ Amtetiice ty devel and clarity

= Song weerperenes abth, Tecds bry ned ability i work well (a Learns
