Robert Smith SQNTACT RETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

Architectural Designer II (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Detail oriented college graduate with strong technical skills and the ability SKILLS
to work with others alongside projects. Looking to apply my education and Rhino 3D, Plaster Mold
experience to fit the needs and vision of the firm, Making, Fluent Russian, AutoDesk: AutoCad,
WORK EXPERIENCE Carpentry. AutoDesk:
Revit, Silk Screening, V- Architectural Designer Il Ray, Advance Model
ABC Corporation- January 2015 - May 2016 Building, Adobe Suite, Responsibilities: Microsoft Office,
= Head of Interior Design department managing a team of interior and Windows OS, Mac OS,.

product designers reporting to the CEO and founder, with close collaboration with the Production and Logistic departments,

LANGUAGES

= Develop retail, booth, showrooms and interior design projects overseas.

= Draw-up elevations and floor plans, render presentation drawings and English (Native)
furnish interior environments of residential, commercial and industrial French (Professional)
bulldin Spanish (Professional)

9S.

= Lead projects from the conceptual stage to development until the

production of the final construction drawings, INTERESTS

- Deliver consultancy services to clients on interior design factors, such as space planning, layout, and utilization of furnishings, equipment, and Climbing

color coordination. tome = Main contact for clients and suppliers with the capacity to work on Reading

several projects in parallel.
- Select Interior materials and finishes. Cornpose mood boards with

relevant images and materials, REFERENCES Reference - 1 (Cormpany

Architectural Designer Narne)
ABC Corporation- 2011 - 2015 Reference - 2 (Company Re sponsibilities: Name)

= Interior Design - Independently Worked in conjunction with Vision Builders on their Parade of Hornes.

= Assisted in the design concepts, the color layouts, matertals, furnishings, and artifacts for 12 homes.

= Side job for fun & outlet for creative needs.

= Remodeled Interior of Long Haul Trucking, Albertville,

- Did the build out of the APEX office cornplex.

= Project manager for the remodel of a bakery and restaurant in St.

= Michael.

EDUCATION
---------

Master's in Architecture - September 2004(Universitat Internacional de Catalunya - Barcelona, Barcelona)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University