Agricultural Engineer Phones 2) 636 8 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Jamal Jackson

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

Highly qualified Agricultural Engineer professional armed with broad-based background and skills
inthe areas of water quality management and research, ervironmental monitoring and
remediation, data collection and analysis, and many more. Displays outstanding ability to plan,
coordinate, and Implernent processes tow ards the successful attainment of organization goals.

SKILLS
------

MS Office, SAP Project Systerns, GIS, And Hydrology And Hydraulics Software,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Agricultural Engineer
ABC Corporation - june 1986 - September 1986

Reliable worker with strong mechanical aptitude and a willingness to fast-learn,

Focused on Agricultural jobs, but on Landscape and Production positions.

Communicated operational issues and changes to supervisor on regular basis.

Ensured timely response in picking and packing of reat orders,

Planned, designed, and constructed engineering practices such as water management,
animal waste management, erosion control, flood control, wetland creation or restoration, and
other conservation practices needing engineering guidance.

Interpreted plans and specifications for contractors, solving problerns at the local level as to
the proper interpretation of specifications,

Performed site investigations and field construction checks for conservation practice installations.

Agricultural Engineer
Delta Corporation - 1984 - 1986

Planned green spaces and parks in urban areas Organized logistics, workers, and supplies Planned landscaping design to prevent erosion and dust

Completed a four-year apprenticeship.

Continued as an engineer with the company and recelved additional dealer training with John
Deere Ltd UK, leading to Certificates of Merit in various.

Dealing with all aspects of agricultural engineering, horticultural and grounds care equipment
within this busy dealership.

Collaborated with scientists, technicians, regulators, and landowners to investigate the bloremediation potential of vegetated treatment areas at srnall.

Preservation of livestock, mechanics, land, ranch, and facilities,

Responsible for managing and overseeing the technology for the local fish production Project
Engineer - Engineer in charge of fish farming Store,

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines
