Anthony McMillan

Detai-oriented Mechanical Engineer with 10+ years’ experience as an HVAC designer with speciaities
iF cooling equipment. Proven leadership and project management skills that have resulted in cost
reductions of up to 19%.

Boise. ID WORK EXPERIENCE

i dessedtead ‘Senior Mechanical Engineer, Venus Systems
Solve, ID + January 2013 - Present

- Evaluated and improved HVAC designs for cost effectiveness, reducing the cost of materials by 15%

- Collaborated with the industrial Design team to ensure concepts are functional and can be manutectured

- Provided technical suppor to chents m solving quality problems with exsting products

- Established the project schedule for 4 designs conceming HVAC systems and completed the projects 3 weeks ahead of schedule

- Specified equipment to be purchased using Purchase Requisitions and Bill of Materials

Ceganized the installation of the equipment, including coordination with the customer and

installation contractors

Designed components of cooling and heat transter systems:

Coordinated operations, mamtenance, and repair activites for @nsting projects

Developed the company’s standard methods and procedures for testing products

Directed 25 engineer personne in testing and design procedures for new MVAC systems

Oversaw fabrication and mstaliation activities to ensure products and systems conform to

engineering Gesign and csstomer specifications

- Created project proposals for manufacturing improvements to support client demand

- Prepared project proposals, progress reports, and completion presentations . for

GD btcon com antonymceitan

management
- Lead design interdssopinary coordmation efforts to ensure delrvery of a complete, approved, Coordinated work product

Mechanical Engineer, Honey Designs Inc.
Boulder, CO + January 2007 - December 2012
- Performed engineenng calculations for things such as heat gan, heat loss and energy

transfer, pressure losses in ax duct or hydronic paying
- Performed work in accordance with the Conduct of Engneenng (CofE) and appicable

University of Washington Federal, State, and Laboratory codes and standards.

Seattle, WA + Prepared conciusions and anatysis reports for propects in the awtomodile, heating. and
2002 ~ 2006 medical industries

ectvical Engineering + Devised atemative mechanical structures for medical laser equipment, reducing costs by
pacer des

Developed new tools and systems to enhance production of commercial radio equipment Provided cost estimates for materials, equipment, and labor for 17¢ projects

.
CERTIFICATIONS + Dagnased and troubieshot observatory mechanical and electro mechanical systems
- Worked with team of 12 to design and build cooking equipment for use in laboratories: Protesssonal Engineering «© Concerved, designed, and prototyped a light weight antenna for use in car radios:

Played integral role in patent pending cooling system for blood storage in hospitals


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.