Sap Abap Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

R O B E RT S M IT H Website: cammemmery

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------
Experienced .NET, JAVA and ABAP developer also a versatile application developer helping design,

develop, maintain, and enhance client server and Web-enabled applications. Leaded development
tears in the SAP FICO, MM, PP and SD modules based on the PW and ASAP methodologies,

SKILLS
------

7+ years of extensive experience in developing, ABAP Developer.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Sap Abap Developer
ABC Corporation - August 2007 - March 2009

Developed reports and interfaces resulting in financial stability and positive cash flow.
Configured and cross-trained CFM Transaction and Cash Mgmt Electronic bank statement, intra-day bank statement polling, cash position, liquidity forecast, money markets
(lending/borrowing), foreian exchange deals, AP F110 payment program, TR F111 payment program, and cash concentration,

Mapped and setup interfaces for electronic payment and bank staternent/lockbox processing with banks using SWIFT MT101 and BAI2 standards,

Wrote ABAP specs for special auto-clearing of ACH payments,

Created SAPSCRIPT forms for dunning notices to be sent to the clients.

Developed of enhancements, user exits, badis, coding standard, and financial and hr reports.
Developed bapis with abap to json conversion, sending data by http to nor-sap system,

Sap Abap Developer
Delta Corporation - 2002 - 2007

Environment AIX UNIX Skills/Tools SAPScript, ABAP, R/3 Created forms for dunning notices to
be sent to the clients,

Also supplement manifests form, fax confirmation with client and financial Information form,
Developed ticket vouchers to be shipped to clients with itinerary information.

Applied SAP notes to correct run time errors in standard SAP programms,

Developed an interface to communicate Apple Vacation central booking engine with the Hotel
Riu and other hotels booking engines,

Developed a mirror engine inside R/3 to allow the AMResorts to have thelr own separate inventory.

This prevented major issues and simplified the process.

EDUCATION
--------- Bachelors in Computer Systern Engineer - (UNAPEC University)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.