Maria Garcia
22 Street Rd, City, State 00000
H: 222-222-2222 # W: 222-222-2222 ¢ M: 222-222-2222 ¢ email@address.com

TECHNOLOGY CONSULTANT

Business-savvy professional with success in delivering technology that addresses business challenges and improves
efficiencies. Effective communicator, skillful collaborating with cross erased aria presraeti
Proven experience in the definition, design and implementation of processes that support operational strategies.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS AREAS

- Process Engineering and Design « Data Movement (ETL) « Standardized Procedures
- Database Architecture Design « IT Solutions Development «+ Testing and Deployment
- Software Development Life Cycle + Compliance Requirements + Proposal Development
- Team Leadership and Supervision + Coaching and Training «Business Presentations TECHNICAL SUMMARY

Applications: Adobe LiveCycle, Hyperion Essbase, MS SharePoint

‘Meeting Suites: MS Office (Including Access and InfoPath), Open Office, Loms123

Languages: Visual Basic, C, SQL, VB for Access (VBA), Assembly

Web: HTML, JavaScript, Flash, ASP NET, PHP. Dreamweaver

Databases: MS Access, MS SQL (ODBC), MySQL, DB2

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Company Name Date

Held muitiple positions of increasing responsibility and technical scope for this jeader in payment and information
Systems. Specializing in; currency services, information management and delivery services, remittance services and
cheque services.

DEVELOPER CONSULTANT
» Accomplished major strategic goal and client commitment through the development and implementation of a
ew program, a technology driven client response platform. Analyzed existing response issues with clients,
internal resources, and management Developed an in-house software solution using dynamic content in a
format that proved to be cutting edge and scalable despite a lack of funding and technical resources. The
goals of improved turnaround, accuracy of business requirements, structured process, and appropriate
approvals. Created a maimtenance process to ensure the solution continued to evolve with new business

Tules and clients” requirements.
>» Reviewed control forms across company for certification. Developed proper inventory system for forms
management.

> Created document management system. Consulted with all levels of management and staff to understand
and security of data.

Page 1 of 2
