¢2= Jillian Aldini
43} illian Aldini

1 abet fin2 bergmal com © 326 Jotensce Street, New York, NY 10002

Profile

Reliable and approachable clothing store associate with a motivated attitude and
ability foster wonderful customer experiences. Adept in assisting customers with
all aspects of the shopping experience. from providing information on sales and
promotions to ensuring a smooth and accurate checkout experience.

Employment History

Clothing Store Associate, Small Steps Boutique, New York
© Exhibited enthusiasm and a passion for exceptional customer service during

each and every shift.

'* Assisted the store owner with managing Inventory and stocking racks.
© Worked well independently and also as a team member,
'* Followed instructions and took on miscellaneous duties when needed.
'* Strived to maintain an orderly and visually-pleasing store environment.
© Adhered to store protocols and policies at all times.
* Assisted customers with all aspects of the shopping experience,
© Informed customers about store offerings. sales. and promotions.

Sales Associate, Eleanor’s Bridal, New York

© Served as an enthusiastic and dedicated bridal team member.

© Worked to ensure that all future brides had an exceptional and unique shopping.
experience,

‘© Ustened to customers to fully understand their vision and provided them with
appropriate dress options.

‘© Prepared fitting rooms and assisted with dress try-ons and fittings as needed,

© Placed orders, scheduled visits, and handled transactions in a secure manner.

Sales Associate, The Blue Turtle, New York

© Worked as a sales associate during the busy holiday season.

¢ Helped to foster a pleasant and smooth shopping experience.

‘ Remained up-to-date on new items. sales, and promotions,

© Worked in accordance with store guidelines and policies at all times.

Education
High School Diploma, St. Francis Preparatory School, New York

& 7in2m4099

Great Customer Service

Knowledge of Retail

ee ee
Creative Problem Solving
See
Ability to Work in a Team
ee

Flexibility and Adaptability