Joseph McLeod

Electrical Engineer (EIT Certified)

Experienced Electrical Engineer with 5+ years in workforce allocation and electric layout optimization, resulting in 10% increased workflows and 18%

increased efficiency. Seeking to leverage project management skills and experience towards a leadership role at Estavez Parks.

Personal Info Experience
Address 2013-02 - Electrical Engineer
1442 Anyname St, Nashville, TN 37993 present Bystronic

Phone

+1 (654) 258-79313

E-mail
joseph.k.mcleod@gmail.com

Linkedin workflows. 10% increased workflow in year one.
linkedin.com/in/Joey.McLeod * Established and reinforced maintenance and safety procedures.
Twitter * Worked with planning and design teams to drive product development and twitter.com/josephmcleod review tooling specifications.
- Developed CAN and LIN drivers and communication protocols.
Skills 2009-01 - Assistant MPE Engineer
3D CAD MODELING eceeee 2012-12 Michigan Parks SOFTWARE + Performed condition assessments of electric systems service of Michigan Parks’
Expert physical assets, including plumbing, HVAC, electrical and other systems, in accordance with inspection protocols, state and local regulations.
PLC eecee0 nannies anne :
Advanced * Conducted field inspections to identify defects at system and component level.
Recommend potential interventions to improve overall asset condition and meet LINUX eeee0 benchmark performance requirements. Prepared detailed reports to support
Advanced condition assessment findings and certify inspection results against applicable C++ eeee@0 building codes.
Advanced * Collected and captured additional asset information to build and improve upon the accuracy of Parks’ asset inventories.
ee eeee0 Maintai “ae ta fi ith Parks’ t t softw. ti DEVELOPMENT aintain ' ata si use wi ; ar . asse eal sableni software on ems.
Advanced + Analyzed inspection data to identify trends and monitor the effectiveness of Michigan Parks’ efforts to proactively maintain its assets in a steady state of
REVERSE @e@e@00 good repair.
ENGINEERING ; * Engaged in document research, investigations, studies, examinations and Intermediate : : ory ;
testing as they related to the functions or activities of the Capital Needs COMMUNICATION @ee@0oo Assessment Team.

SKILLS
------ Intermediate Education
Languages 2006-09 - University of Michigan, MEng. in Electrical Engineeering
2008-06 * Graduated Magna Cum Laude SPANISH @ee@ee@00
Intermediate 2002-09 - University of Michigan, B.E. in Electrical Engineering
GERMAN e0000 _~© 7006-06 Basic Conferences
2018-04 EPECS - Sth International Conference on Electric Power and Energy Conversion Systems
2016-07 The American Society of Electrical Engineers

.

Planned, designed, and developed tools, engines, and electrical equipment - resulting in 18% increase in efficiency.

Met with clients to oversee installation, operation, and maintenance of equipment for all local plants.

Planned workforce use, space requirements, and equipment layouts to optimize

.

2014-11 Product Life-Cycle Management - Stanford University


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.