AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Business Growth Operational Exwellence Customer Satisfaction

Continuous Professional Development

Problem Management Client Participation HAR Issues

Technical Resource Management

PROFESSIONAL

MBA French speaker

German speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS Entrepreneurial spirit Persuasive & articulate Relations ip development

Influencing skills

Nigel Brookes Business Operations Manager

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A self-starter, with bags of energy, who is always leading the team from the front and whe is not frightened to take the initiative. Nigel has the ability to work
independently in anenvironment of change, challenge, multiple deadlines and priorities. He has extensive experience of Business Operational matters and is
passionate about supporting individuals and businesses to excel. As a high achiever who has a successful record of delivery and exceeding targets, he can be relied upon
to cut all unnecessary costs and hit all goals set for him. He is an outstanding individual, eager to deliver excellence a every opponunity, and right now he is
looking for a suitable senior managerial position with an exciting company that is looking toemploy individuals of the highest calibre.

CAREER HISTORY

Insurance Company - Coventry

BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER April 2009 - Present

Responsibk for meeting all relevant statutory and mandatory requirements associawd with operations and for working within the framework of the company's core values, as
well as promoting its ethos and mision statement.

Duties:

- Overall responsibility for shon/medium term planning and organisation of all resources.

Developing and managing interdisciplinary teams for multi-pany projects.
Participating in the sales process by identifying business development potential.
Waiting up reports on business operations for the executive staff.

Attending regular progress meetings with Senior Managers and Directors.
Creating a positive culture where the work can get done.

Identifying and managing risks, issues and dependencies.

When appropriate, provide operational cover for absent Senior Managers.

Mortgage Broker - Manchester
ASSISTANT MANAGER May 2008 - March 2000

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Business development atiributes

Estab lishing and implementing goals and objectives.

Knowkdge and understanding of the financial information technology.
Proven track recon of developing and implementing business strategies.
Having a mature approach to set-backs.

Awareness of and sensitivity to culmral diversity.

Sharing knowledge and expenise ina highly professional manner.
Decision making ina pressured, commercial driven environment.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.