CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

JESSE KENDALL

FORENSIC ACCOUNTANT * LOSS PREVENTION AUDITOR

Talented accounting professional with more than 19 years of experience providing bookkeeping and accounting
services as an in-house and a contracted resource. Accomplished auditor proven at recreating critical tax, transaction,
and account records after years of neglect. Focused and incisive account manager able to apply expert knowledge of
GAAP best peuctices to completing high workload wolumes in fast-paced environments Leader effective enforcing
records und transaction accountability with functional managers, Relationship manager adept at facilitating strong
working relutionships with vendors, clients, internal staff, and business owners. Proficient in MS Office programs,

ABC PROTECTION CORPORATION, Augusta, GA 20xx to Present
Forensic Accountant: Manage the financial well-being of a firm specializing in the sles and installation of lightning
protection devices. Oversee all AP/ARJGL and payroll processes. Generate monthly and quarterly closings im collaboration
with contracted accounting staff. Prepare W-2 and 1099 paperwork. Compile raw data and develop monthly/quarterly
periodic reporting used for management decisions and regulatory compliance. Develop and file monthly sales and payroll
taxes, Administer the purchase and sales order process, including variance resolution, credit processing. and back orders,

- Improved the processing of monthly financials by applying best practices that reduced turnaround from 30 to 14 days.

- Redesigned the sales and purchase order processes, resulting in an amproved audit trail, Eleninated duplicate transaction processing while reducing error nates.

BCD Securtry, Augusta, GA 20xx to 20xx

Forensic Accountant: Asssted in the creation of divisional accounts payable office following relocation from
Pennsylvania. Orchestrated timely and accunite completion of assigned invoices, Delivered tnuining to field representatives
on proper A/P procedures, Entered dats pertaining to expense and capital labor invoices from assigned inventory,
Maintained complete Accounts Payable Oracle data. Explored and resolved vendor invoice issues and problems. Conferred
with accounts payable personne! to ensure effective mterdepartmental communications.

® Accelerated development of newly hired accounts payable coondinators by delivermg training.
- Recognized on five cocastons for outstanding customer service and auditing abilities.

Redesigned division's monthly newsletter by capitalizing on Improvement opportunities, conceptualizing layout, and
editing content.

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor of Business Administration, Accounting Minor * XYZ University, Augusta, GA + 20xx
Associates of Arts Degree * XYZ University, Augusta, GA * 20xx
