Greg Baker

FINANCE MANAGER

SUMMARY
-------

SKILLS
------

Career

Academic

REFERENCES
----------

Dayjob Ltd, 120 Vyse Street, Birmingham B18 6NF
T: 00 44 121 638 0026

W: www.dayjob.com

A highly motivated and results driven finance manager who has over three years of invaluable
experience in leading and developing a successful finance team. Skilled in numerous financial and
accounting fields, including: preparing annual budgets, monitoring key accounts and credit
control. Having the ability to handle complex assignments effectively & possessing the confidence
to work as part of a team or independently. Martin is presently looking for a suitable opportunity
position with a forward thinking company where he can excel, deliver & achieve his potential.

Financial Management

Cash Flow control Management accounts Budget preparation Financial forecasting Economic awareness Managing budgets
Interpreting financial data Effective delegation Auditing Conflict resolution Strategic thinking Effective delegation

Supervisory skills Financial regulations Decision making

FINANCE MANAGER Accounting Company

Predicting future trends

Personal

Attention to detail Communication skills Good IT knowledge Presentation skills Problem solving
Analytical mind

High levels of integrity Negotiating

May 2007 - Present

Working a busy and high volume environment driving consistency and best practice across all the
businesses. Responsible for improving the companies cash flow and reducing its arrears by

keeping accurate records and ensuring payments are received on time.

- Incharge of managing and supporting the ledger team.

- Providing accurate financial information to colleagues and senior managers

Identifying areas for cost cutting and improvement.

ASSISTANT FINANCE MANAGER Recruitment Company

Nuneaton University 2003 - 2006 Accounting and Finance BA (Hons)

Nuneaton College 2001 - 2003 A levels: Math (A) English (C) Physics(B) Geography (D)

Available on request.

Ensuring that all financial controls for the division are met and adhered to at all times.
Giving advice, guidance and support on all financial matter to the company directors.

Feb 2006 - May 2007
