CANDIDATE LEVEL: Senior-Level Candidate

jr. IT Business Analyst FUeue 23) 498 78.23

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH omen

linkedin.conyqwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama,

OBJECTIVE
---------
Result oriented IT Business analyst with 2.6 years of Professional Experience, Experienced in

Requirements Gathering and documentation (mid-level Business and Functional), Business Requirement and Functional Requirement Documents.

SKILLS
------

Android, Excel, Mac, MATLAB, Microsoft Word

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Jr. IT Business Analyst
INTEGRA TECHNOLOGIES LLC - May 2016 - Present

Develops metrics that provide data for process measurement, identifying indicators for future
improvement opportunities.Responsible for data preparation, validation, reports generation
using statistical analysis systern (sas) and ms excel.

Engaged with onsite systern architect to understand business requirements and developed solution design of business model.

Data mining and modeling: collected, cleansed and provided modeling and analyses of structured and unstructured data using business initiatives.

Performed risk assessment using pieces framework; swot analysis to gauge competitive edge and evaluated performance.

Dashboards: created visually Impact dashboards in excel and tableau for data reporting by using pivot tables and viookup. Extracted, interpreted and analyzed data to identify key
metrics and transform raw data into meaningful data,

Provide support through data reports about program feasibility, performance and results in
order to improve the sales and customer operations departments performance,

Provides consultation on using re-engineering techniques to improve process performance and product quality.

Graduate And Research Assistant
NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - October 2015 - May 2016

Collecting, collating and carrying out cornplex data analysis in support of management
requests. Also, involved in reporting statistical findings to work colleagues and management.
Designed new queries and utilized existing query models to draw relevant customer

Le RTUPe aT) for development of financial reports utilized in forecasting, trending, and result
analysis,

Creating dashboards, reports and trend analysis using power pivot on agile methodology, Performing daily systern checks, Data entry, data auditing, creating data reports Samp;
monitoring all data for accuracy.

Developing data analytical databases from complex financial source data.

Advising on the suitability of methodologies and suggesting improvements.
${job_description27}

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
