Thomas Ryan

FINANCE DIRECTOR

&4 info@resumekraft.com [ +1-202-555-0186 © California jm https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas

@ SUMMARY @ SKILLS

A professional Finance Director looking for a bigger challenge which Leading and development of teams
will enable me to build on the skills | have acquired to date, to drive * Developing and operating control
the strategic direction of another business. With exposure to a frameworks

number of business sectors including manufacturing, financial

: s : : : 5 e Strategic management services and leisure and tourism, and experience of working with a g g

number of different ownership structures. | am now looking for a * Financial Accounting
challenging, yet rewarding opportunity which will allow me to bring e Financial Management
what | have learnt to date to the fore. * Forecasting and Budgeting

(es) EXPERIENCE © EDUCATION Finance Director Post Graduate Certification Finance
Star Paints Limited May 2018- Present University of Texas
As Finance Director and statutory Board director, | currently have Jul 2019 - Apr 2020 direct responsibility for three key teams (finance, purchasing, and IT)
while maintaining strategic oversight of other areas of business. Bachelors in Business Management
- Production and oversight of all financial information including Georgia Institute of ome ante

management accounts and KPIs;
- Forecasting, budgeting, and planning on a monthly, annual, and

five-year basis; (?] AWARDS
- Leading the day to day financial requirements of the business;

- Dealing with all third-party relationships including banking, audit, Star Performer of the Year
tax, insurance, and legal relations. Business Corp Awards 2020-10-19
- Providing financial support and advice to the wider family.
- Daily management of finance, IT, credit control, and procurement Star Finance Awards 2019
teams. NewYork Times 2079-11-20 Star Finance Director of the Year (less than Business Financial Controller $55m turnover) and Star Finance Director

Marigold Limited Oct 2012-May 2018

This role involved the management of two finance teams and partnering with the operational and commercial directors of the Star Business of the Year

business to provide accurate and timely information to support 2019-11428

strategic decision-making processes while maintaining financial Partof the teain that resulted in AM Paints
integrity and control across the business. Key achievements within this role included:

of the Year

winning the MEN Business of the Year

Award.
- Successful implementation of new ERP system in two regions with the project on-going.
- Building and development of a strong finance function. CERTIFICATION
- Development of forecast models and greater communication with the wider business that improved forecast accuracy to within Post Graduate Certificate in Finance 10%. University of Texas
- Development of a suite of commercial reporting enabling greater focus on the commercial viability of decisions to be used in BSc Hons in Business customer negotiation or to support wider, geographical NewYork University

expansion.
- Improvement of the control framework within Europe resulting in improved audit status.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).