Auto Mechanic Apprentice CV Sample

/Ed Du Plessis/? Example Road, Example City/07632
987654321 /eduplessis@examplemail.co.uk

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
--------------------

| have been working with cars and maintaining mechanical equipment for a number of
years. A recent school leaver, | have developed a number of skills with fault finding and repair
on my own vehicle. | am currently studying for a qualification in vehicle maintenance and
carry out minor repair works at a leading high street retailer of cor spares and components. |
have a track record of offering good customer service as well as being able to discover the
root causes of common mechanical problems.

Core Qualifications

Level 2 Certificate in Vehicle Maintenance (Currently in progress with Example College)

Professional Qualifications

@ Diploma in Car Maintenance for beginners.
® IMi accredited.
@ FIXIT Bicycle Maintenance trained.

Academic Qualifications

AS levels: Technology and Design (C) and Art (C) 6 GCSEs in English, Technology, Art, Maths,
Science and History

KEY SKILLS
----------

@ Ability to fault find with both diesel and petrol engines.

@ Experienced with stripping down components and being able to reassemble them.

®@ Developed a good working knowledge of bicycle maintenance and discovered many transferable skills relevant to auto repair situations.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
Sales Assistant, May 2015 to present

®@ Responsible for dealing with customer enquiries and recommending products such as windscreen wipers and light bulbs.

® Gained experience fitting minor components to the vehicles of customers.

® Developed skills in stock rotation and re-ordering using a computer, when appropriate.

Trainee Mechanic, Work Experience Placement - June and July 2014

®@ Gained experience working in a mechanic's workshop and all of the relevant heath and safety regulations.

®@ Was responsible for labelling and making notes of any components that were removed from customers’ vehicles.

@ Changed suspension systems and provided new shock absorbers on a variety models.

REFERENCES
----------

Employment references ore available on request. Just a single example of the many that are
available, this Auto Mechanic Apprentice CV Sample provides plenty of advice for anyone
seeking an apprenticeship. For other examples, look elsewhere on our site and check out our
tools and CV builder for further valuable insights. too.


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.