Robert Smith

Database Manager III

PERSONAL STATEMENT

An experienced IT Leader with a wide range of technical, business and management skills looking for lead or management in a senior level IT
position, Proven success in designing, testing, implernenting and integrating cost-effective, high performance technical solutions to meet
challenging business needs.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Database Manager Ill
ABC Corporation- December 1993 - July 1998 Responsibilities:
= Supervised three processors to ensure databases were on 4 90-day update schedule.
= Increased processing time 300% by rewriting existing statistical analysis programs.
= Developed a systern to automate database processing, = Wrote Clipper program to extract records meeting specific criteria from
230 databases, = Processed databases for interactive or-line systern.
- Provided technical support of WEB site and BBS system. = Wrote programs to convert data from different formats into dBase forrnat.

Database Manager
Coastal Billing Solutions- 1991-1993 Re sponsibilities:
= Devised and implernented processes for collection and analyses of client and financial data,
- Streamlined work processes, increasing efficiency of medical billing compilation and subrnission. = Designed, created, and maintained MS Access tables, queries, forms, and reports.
- Provided training and technical assistance on entering and obtaining accurate information,
- Reconciled monthly payments from clients. = Accurately track and manage time, and expenses incurred, = Produced weekly MS Excel reports to business owner..

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science - (St. Edward's University
- Austin, TX)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------ Microsoft Office, CRM.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

REFERENCES
---------- Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference ~ 2 (Company Name)
