Information Technology Technician Phone: (123) 456 78 99

I

Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwilcres ume.con:
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Network+, A+ certified and actively preparing for Security+ certification Proven information
technology skills gained through 20 years military training Accomplished leader and mentor
Results based work ethic rewarded by several military commendations.

General Office Skills, Information Technology, Customer Service.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Information Technology Technician I
ABC Corporation - May 1985 - October 2005

Provided technical support for Air Force medical facilities, supporting Windaws XP, office 2003,
2007, Dell computers, and HP printers.

Instructed users on how to navigate the Windows XP operating system, how to create various
MS office documents, spreadsheets, and PowerPoint Replaced HP printer fusers, hardware. and
cartridges.

Serviced over 2000 medical professionals and ancillary stall members Assisted users via remote desktop connection and personal contact.

Troubleshooting. installation, and maintenance of Windows XP and Windows 7.

Troubleshoot and replace hardware components to include hard drives, memory, network cards, and video cards,

Added new workstations to nctwork, and new users via Active Directory.

Added printers to networks via static [IP address in Windows XP.

Information Technology Technician
ABC Corporation - 1980 - 1985

Lalitpur, Nepal Responsibilities Provide desktop support and technical training on hardware/sollware to end-user over the Internet.

Perform diagnostics and troubleshooting of system issues, document support tickets/resolutions, and maintain equipment inventory lists.

Install and configure DHCP/DNS client-server on Microsoft Windows server.

Handled troubleshooting issues related to hariware and software applications,

Worked on a project to develop and maintain Pharmaccutical Inventory System using 4D/SQL.
Use of ticketing software and remote control software to respond to support requests in timely
fashion.

Trip outward for the installation of software system at customer site..

EDUCATION
---------

Certificate of Completion in Information Technology - August 2010(Tarrant County College)

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Harvard University