Robert Smith

Fitness Coach/Trainer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Over 10+ years of proven leadership and experience in the military and private sector. Accomplished measur able results in personnel and project
management in various fields including aviation electronics technician, piloting rotary aircraft, oilfield operations, and coaching in the health and
fitness Industry, Conducted global operations In support of Operations Enduring and lraqi Freedom,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Fitness Coach/Trainer
Revolution Fitness Club- December 2015 - 2019 Re sponsibilities:
- Creates and implements weekly workouts to improve overall fitness and prevent injury. = Motivates and instructs clients in order to help thern reach their goals. = Records clients metrics to dernonstrate progress. = Make constant adjustments to each specific clients program to ensure they continue to reach their goals.
- Provides nutritional, fitness, and wellness related advice. = Provides incomparable customer assistance and presents an impeccable work environment, = Assists in Sales for the company by conducting sales consultations with 80% corversion rate.

Fitness Coach
Rocketta Fitness- 2013 - 2015 Responsibilities:
- Asafitness coach for the cornpany that sells P90X and Insanity | help others to a healthier way of living, = By motivating thern, supporting them, and Inspiring thern, » Have created my own online fitness business offering a plethora of help, products, motivation and support. = Website maintainer and designer. = Ensure website is up to date and current with promotions and products. = Keep track of cliental and their goals.
- Use several social.

EDUCATION
---------

Psychology - August 2008(Elizabeth City State University - Elizabeth City, NC)

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Health insurance plans, Nursing background, Medical terminology.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.