Python Developer / QA Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Automation Tester Website; www.qwikresume.com

Linkedin:

ROBERT SMITH Address 1737 Marshvlle Road

Alabarna,

Objective

Around 5 years total IT experience as a software engineer and Python Developer and Salesforce
Platform. Extensive experience in Python Django web frame works in implernenting MVC
architecture.

Skills

DJANGO, JAVASCRIPT, MYSQL, PYTHON, CSS
Work Experience

Python Developer / QA Automation Tester
Accela Inc. - March 2014 - Present

Involved In requirement gathering, analysis, design, estimation and testing of the assigned
tasks In openstack.

Implemented rally openstack benchmarking tool on the entire cloud environment.

Experience in reviewing python code for running the troubleshooting test-cases and bug
issues.

Configuring and managing openstack components such as Keystone, Nova, Neutron, Glance,
Swift, Heat.

Written Nova, Glance, Neutron, Cinder, Keystone, Hashboard, Swift, Python client api to
Integrate with existing application.

Create a strategic architectural design of the platform with networking (VLANs, Firewalls, Load
Balancers), Hypervisors (KVM and VMware), workflow and orchestration (Openstack APIS,
Smart Goud Orchestrator), Security (Keystone, IDAP), Inventory and monitoring, licensing,
backup/restore,

Understanding Python files in openstack environment and make necessary changes if needed.

Python Developer
ABC Corp - March 2021 - March 2014

Conducted scrurn meetings and generated custom dashboards. Knowledge testing tools like
bugzilla and jira.

Experience in using various version control systems like git, cvs, github, heroku and amazon
ec2.

Having knowledge on aws larnbda, auto scaling, cloud front, rds, route53, aws sns, sqs, ses;
Extensively used python modules such as requests, urilib, urllib 2 for web crawling.
Developed a fully automated continuous integration systern using git, gerrit, jenkins, mysql
and custom tools developed in python and bash,

The vanguard group Is an american registered investment advisor based in minneapolis, mn
with over $5. 1 trilllon in assets under management.

Create on-dernand daily and weekly reports by invoking scripts with custom arguments and
parameters to provide actionable data to the test owners.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines