Greg Baker

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

Associate Business Consultant (123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

5+ years of experience as a Business Consultant. Proficient at gathering SKILLS

business and technical requirements, asking detailed questions and Tableau, Microsoft Office
carefully recording the requirements in a format that can be reviewed and Suite, Outlook,
understood by both business and technical people. Strong attention to Salesforce, SharePoint,

detail and excellent time management and organizational skills needed to

meet critical deadlines, Presentations, Program

Management, Logic Design, Microprocessor WORK EXPERIENCE Architecture and Design, Associate Business Consultant bidenpenansiteey and
ABC Corporation- May 2016 - Present Product Marketing.
Re sponsibilities:
- Serving as a consultant on nationwide Insurances Internet optimization LANGUAGES team. = Working toward identifying opportunities to improve inefficiencies while lk cn akc OO driving a first-class member experience. Spanish (Professional) = Goals accomplished by use of test and learn methodology, agile and collaboration.
- Conducting exploratory data mining and data cleaning on existing INTERESTS databases. Climbing = Documenting agile swim lane flowcharts with whiteboarding and Snowboarding taskboard pm tool. Cooking
- Gathering functional and non-functional requirements that reflect the Reading

goals of the test and learn tear, define architecture requirements and present findings,

- Creating customized menus and recipes with high regard to business REFERENCES concept, food cost, and production restraints. Reference - 1 (Company Narne) Business Intelligence Specialist Hatt) ~ 2 (Company
ABC Corporation- May 2014 - May 2016 ame)

Responsibilities:

= Utilize tableau desktop 9.3 as a front-end business Intelligence tool to develop workbooks and dashboards for cross-functional business Users;
providing hospitals with call and usage data and internal customers with extensive granularity,

- Build and publish Tableau reports utilizing calculated fields, table calculations, filters and parameters with drill-down options.

= Created Adhoc and custorn reports to users using various data sources;
built dashboards using techniques for guided analytics, Interactive dashboard design, and visual best practices; produced attractive
visuals/dashboards to convey the story inside the data.

= Worked with business users to understand the user requirements, layout, and look and feel of the application to be developed.

- Analyzed complex business problerns and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide Insight to decision-makers,

= Work closely with business owners to understand business challenges and provide data/analysis for better decision raking acted as tableau
- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Gukielines
