CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

AREAS OF EXPERTISE Financial studies Management accounts Budgetary contro!
Balance sheet accounts Cost analysis

Financial training

Financial forecasting

PROFESSIONAL Fire Marshall

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS Attention to detail Dedicated

Focused

Hard working

CONTACT
-------

Maxine Curry Dayjod Lid

my

Sromehee

B18 6NF

T: 0121 638 0026
4M: 0121 638 0026
E- info@dayjob.com

Driving license: Yes

Maxine Curry Finance Analyst

PERSONAL SUMMARY

Maxine can provide senior management with accurate financial insights into whether they are doing the right things in order to deliver on short, medium and long term
company goals. She will always give clear recommendations and then explain the exact implications of those for the business. As a true professional she can always be
relied upon to competently complete any commercial financial projects given to her.
Right now she is keen to join a rapidly growing business that has a role that is well placed for furure career development.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Company name - Location

FINANCE ANALYST Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for working with other staff in the finance team to provide key support to

- Involved m « high profile role, working directly with the senior management team on a day to day basis.

- Training up budget holders so that they understand key financial concepts.

- Researching financial periodicals. reports, and other investment material to obtain accounting information.

- Preparing month end accruals and prepayment journals.

- Monitoring financial statistics and trends to identify problems & improve processes.

- Using online banking systems to make financial transactions.

- Carrying out s range of financial analyst assignments as directed by superiors.

- Analyzing the financial impact of departmental programs.

Company name - Location

JOB TITLE Employment dates (i.e. Aug 2011 -Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

- Using sophisticated spreadsheets and reporting tools to present detailed information.
- Efficiently planning and prioritising workloads to ensure tight deadlines are met.

- Driving change and having a strong desire to continually improve.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton 2008 - 2011 BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008 A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C) REFERENCES - Available on request.
