CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

201

ROBERT SMITH

Digital Media Producer
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

A trustworthy, tech-savvy, 10-year content production professional and digital publishing pioneer with a positive perspective a predilection for people, a
proclivity for persistence, and 4 penchant for progressively leading purposeful innovation. Has a career marked by the development of live webcasts, dynamic
delivery tools and customer experiences, the creation of powerful and profitable life-changing content, and long-term synergistic relationships.

- - 2020

DIGITAL MEDIA PRODUCER - ABC CORPORATION

200

Accountable for tracked and managed each photo shoot budget and over all digital photo program.

Negotiated budgets and schedulesto ensure projects are finished to plan.
Always produced with YET] brand voice in mind&ndash; take the time to leam the brand voilce- authenticity always intact.

Interpreted project needs by haping to determine media objectives, content, and visualization style.

Oversaw all aspects of pre-production, including scriptwriting, budgeting, and scheduling.

Performed audio production and editing as needed.

Provided technical support for virtual events, teleconferences, webinars, and other streaming platforms

7 - 2010

- MEDIA PRODUCER - DELTA CORPORATION

Project managed and produced OnTV Previews and OnTV Promos for all Discovery Networks from Discovery Channel to Discovery Kids Project managed
and.

Visual Media Producer Produced a wide range of visual media some included video editing, and web design.

The job also consisted of a wide range of tech support and application training.
During that time | maintained several Wordpress sites, as well; but left company due to lack of work.

Shoot, edit and produce practice, games, press conferences, interviews hype videos, special events, community events and partnered content Create .
Created, launched, maintain 5+ company websites with up to date technology in a clean, User-friendly interface.

Created &amp; implemented online marketing media; email campaigns Flash banners and ads to drive sales and create branding Worked closely with .

- The Free Resume Template 8 the copyright of Qwikre wipe.com. Usage Guidelines
