Robert Smith

Network Security Engineer I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Experience in planning, designing, implernenting, maintaining and troubleshooting of the network, Experience in TCP/IP protocols, ip
addressing and IP network design Technically proficient in Installation, Configuration in Cisco switches, Cisco routers, Cisco Access Points, Cisco
ASA firewalls, Check Point Firewalls and F5 Load Balancers,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Network Security Engineer I
ABC Corporation- January 2013 - June 2013 Responsibilities:
= Ensured Inforrnation system security principles are applied as roll out to all systerns prior to deployrnent,
= Installed, repaired, and upgraded PCs and peripherals, Including motherboards, hard drives, re-configurations.
= Provided Network support across LAN and WAN protocols for Capital One and implemented corrective actions.
= Implemented the application of standard operating procedures and systems security in support of the organizations IT infrastructure needs.
= Dernonstrated skillful communication and negotiation skills through customer service.
= Solid knowledge of information security principles and practices, as well €s an advanced understanding of security protocols and standards
Installed and configured encryption software to ensure data security.
- Maintained user accounts and Access Control Lists.

Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation- 2010 - 2013 Responsibilities:

= Received, evaluated and processed network security/operations and computer network defense related Inquiries.

= Processing included both classified and unclassified electronic correspondence,

= Also, provided answers to technical and operational questions; respond to callers and act on resolution of Inquiries; provided authoritative
advice, guidance and technical assistance to tearm members on topics related to network security and managernent policies and technical
procedures,

= Developed procedures to ensure survivability of computer systems, and networks against attacks aimed at disrupting services, gaining
unauthorized access, or violating the Integrity of information systems.

= Identified, categorized and responded to network problems,

- Monitored and maintained network and associated software, including responding to tickets,

= Collaborated and coordinated with other departments, contractors and Staff to ensure network operations.,

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Gukielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marsbhville Road, Alabama

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Networking, Network Security, Linux, Cloud Cornputing.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Cornmpany Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.