NEAL LATIOLAIS
24154 SR 525, Greenbank WA, 98253
biume-ox @hotmail.com / (360) 643-0579

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY

Distinguished quality assurance/aviation maintenance career with 20 years of experience, a strong electronics back ground and
an active Top Secret Clearance. Knowledgeable in ail aspects of quality assurance, the management of safety programs and
aircraft maintenance/troubleshooting and the operation of highly complex classified avionics equipment and auciliary systems.
Comfortable in fast-paced and high-stress environments, requiring attention to detail, ability to meet stringent deadlines, and
quick adaptation to constantly changing priorities.

SKILLS & TRAINING

Maintenance Management Military Operations Schematics & Diagrams Frontline Leadership Avionk Systems Eketrone Warfare
Salety Electrical S ystems Mechanical Systems Quality Assurance Control Systems Equipment Maintenance
Training Troubleshoot ing Operation Monitoring Inventory Management Test Equipment FCC License

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- US NAVY

Aviation Electronics Technician NOV 19% - NOV 2016

- Performed scheduled and unscheduled Electronic maintenance on the EA-6B Prowler and EA-I8G Growler. Also accomplished Pull System Quality Assurance Representative on both platforms.

- Performs organizational level maintenance on aviation electronics systems, to inc ude: communications, radar, navigation, antisubmarine wartare sensors, electronic warfare, data link, fire control, and tactical displays with associated equipment.

Quality Assurance Supervisor NOV 2014 - NOV 2016

- = Overall in charge and responsible for the management and monitoring of forty one Naval Aviation Maintenance Programs as directed by the Chief of Naval Operations and Maintenance Department Safety. Plus the quality training of Pull System Quality Assurance Representatives, Quality Assurance Representatives, Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Representatives, and Collateral Duty Inspectors.

Quality Assurance Leading Petty Officer APR 2012-APR 2014

- Overall responsible for the training of Full System Quality Assurance Representatives, Quality Assurance Representatives, Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Representatives, and Collateral Duty Inspectors, as well as managing the six Quality Assurance Naval Aviation Maintenance Programs as directed by the Chief of Naval

Operations.
BIEARDS / FRANK'S CASING CREW LAFAYETTE, LA
Welder MAY 1992 - NOV 1996

- Fabricated oil tankers for the railroad companies.
- Fabricated missile launch pads for the U.S. Navy destroyers.
- Fabricated Offshore equipment

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Chapman University General Studies
January 01 2002 to January 012003

Liberty University Religion/Relig ious Studies
January 01 2014 to January 012017

Bradley Morris, Inc www. Bradley-Morris.com 800-330-4950


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.