Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; InfoG@awikresume,cor

Dotnet Developer Website : wont, quikresuime, com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

8+ years of extensive experience In designing and developing web applications, web services,
client/server applications by using Microsoft .NET technologies. Having strong knowledge Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirements definition, design, programming / testing
and implementation of major systems.

SKILLS
------

Microsoft ,NET , Programming / testing.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Dotnet Developer
ABC Corporation - November 2010- August 2011

Analyzed requirements in order to determine and provide realistic estimates and Solutions,
Designed dynamic web pages with C# using RAZOR in ASP NET,

Developed Presentation layer using ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript.

implemented MVC design pattern to develop the application and to reduce the complexity and to get full control over the behavior of the application.

Worked with Telerik Controls to display huge arnount of data.

Used Ajax Controls for client side validations with asynchronous data execution using threads
when needed to Increase the performance.

Developed Cascading style sheets (CSS) for consistent look and feel of the website.

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corporation - 2006- 2010

Created ASP.NET pages with web server controls for the presentation layer.implermented validation using validation controls, |Query and JavaScript client side validations.

Developed web applications using ASP.NET and AJAX Extensions under MVC architecture, Created Web Forms for developing the applications using webserver controls and HTML
controls.Using Entity Framework, connected to relational data by writing LING to SQL queries,
Involved in all the phases of the Software Development Life Cycle including Systern Analysis,
Design and Development.implemented Page level security and permissions based on the authentication details.

Developed administrative functions such as assigning property viewing permissions and addingsystem users.Using Windows Forms for GUIs with some test work with Crystal Reports
html for reporting.Written Web Service for Messaging module passing user data from Manager
to Sales Team andvice versa using C#.Net. Send ADO.NET datasets through XML Web service.Presenting the data frorn the XML file by using XSLT.Designed reports and written
some dynamic calculations for reports using SQL Server ReportingServices.

Provided technical support and Updates to customers and partners in a timely manner and documented technical and programming specifications.Data Formatting was done using
HTML, CSS and client side scripting using Angular|S and JQuery.iInvolved In the developrnent
of business logicin C#,

NET.Created web custorn controls and web user controls where necessary.

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Harvard University