CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

CHARLOTTE MAY

Senior DevOps Engineer | Azure Expert

@ help@enhancv.com

SUMMARY
-------

2 linkedin.com 9 Los Angeles, California

Senior DevOps Engineer with over 7 years of experience specializing in the development and implementation of Cl/CD
pipeline toolings, Azure DevOps and iterative improvement in fast-paced environments. Known for improving efficiency
and productivity through innovative solutions and strong collaboration skills. Passionate about digital transformation
and eager to utilize my experience to make a positive impact.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

2018 - 2021 Redmond, Washington

2016 - 2018 San Francisco, California

2014 - 2016 ° San Jose, California

Senior DevOps Engineer Microsoft

Managed and developed efficient custom delivery pipelines.
- Contributed to technical decisions, increasing productivity by 25%.
- Implemented innovative Cl/CD pipeline toolings, reducing the release cycle time by 40%.
- Developed and maintained an automated testing framework resulting in a 35% reduction in bugs.

- DevOps Engineer

IBM Worked on the efficient use and integration of DevOps toolings.
- Used Azure DevOps for seamless software development, improving team agility by 30%.
- Worked closely with the development team to optimize scripts, reducing build times by 20%.
- Developed customized tools tailored to the team's specific needs, improving workflow speed by 15%.

Junior DevOps Engineer

Cisco Systems

Provided support in the software development lifecycle.
- Gained a solid understanding of DevOps principles and iterative improvement environments.
- Contributed to the development of a CI/CD pipeline, increasing deployment frequency by

30%.
- Mastered scripting, automating repetitive tasks and reducing manual intervention by 25%.

STRENGTHS

® Digital Transformation 2 Collaborative Team Environment
Achieved a 30% increase in efficiency by successfully Recognized for fostering a productive, collaborative
implementing a digital transformation strategy at my work environment, resulting in a 20% uplift in overall

previous company.

team performance.

eg Automation and Scripting

Increased development velocity by 15% through effective automation and scripting techniques.

EDUCATION
---------

2012 - 2014 Los Angeles, California

2008 - 2012 Long Beach, California

www.enhancv.com

- Master of Science in Computer Science

University of California, Los Angeles

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science California State University, Long Beach

Powered by (CX7 Enhancyu
