CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

JESSE KENDALL

123 Elm Street ¢ College Park, MD 20741
jkendalli@:notmail.com ¢ Home: 301.555.5555 e Cell: 301.444.4444

ACCOUNTING SUPERVISOR ¢ SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

Talented accounting professional offering more than ten years of accounting and financial management experience as an
in-house and contracted resource for a variety of small and medium sized firms and not-for-profit organizations. Expert in
the real estate industry. Business-savvy organizational leader with demonstrated success creating business plans,
bookkeeping policies, and revenue-tracking frameworks for start-up ventures. Detail-oriented intemal auditor. Subject
matter expert for corporate and personal taxation, legal compliance, and contract administration. Bookkeeping manager
fully versed in AP, AR, GL, P&L, and account reconciliation processes. Process innovator effective at identifying
opportunities for cost savings and profit maximization.

CORE STRENGTHS
- Start-Up Operations/Business Plans + Auditing ¢ Contract Management
- Real Estate Business Environments ¢ AP/AR/GL & P&L + Taxation
- Financial Policy Development ¢ Purchasing + New Business Development
- Budgeting/Forecasting + Staff Managernent + Goal Setting

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

SENIOR ACCOUNTANT, ABC SERVICE AUTHORITY, College Park, MD + 20xx-Present

Prepare, examine, and analyze complex accounting records, financial statements, and financial reports to ensure accuracy
and conformance to reporting and procedural standards. Manage daily and monthly accounting activities. Oversee three
staff and review work of several employees within the department. Truin new accounting employees.

Notable Accomplishments:
- Streamlined operations and clirninated a manual process by automating reconciliation of daily cash between two software systems. Exported data to an Excel spreadsheet.
- Supperted the payroll technician; processed payroll, which included hours-to-gross reconciliation, reconciliation of benefits, cutting and issuing payroll checks, and preparing federal and state payroll tax payments.
- Played an integral role in a major accounting software conversion, which included testing, post-deployment training, and implementation.

SENIOR ACCOUNTANT, BCD Enterprises, College Park, MD + 20xx-20xx
Executed bank reconciliation, reconciled investments, and reviewed/posted journal entries in preparation for monthly clase.
Played a key role in annual audits through preparation of audit schedules and docurnentation for the CAFR. Served as the
"go to" person for procedural and technical questions across the organization.
Notable Accomplishments:
- - Studied new software, A/R and accounting software interfaces, and system operations and gained a solid understanding to ensure success.
- Devised anew system to analyze data and reconcile the bank statement to zero each month; developed innovative processes to target specific transactions and identify timing differences.

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting (20xx), XYZ Untversrry, College Park, MD
Core Course Work in Individual Taxation, Corporate & Business Taxation, and Organizational Behavior

Licensed Real Estate Broker @ State of Maryland | Leadership Certification # Better Way Institute
Notary Public @ State of Maryland

- Technically proficient in MS Office Suite, PowerPoint, and Publisher ~
