JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd. + City, State + 00000 + 222.222 2222 + emall@address. com

Job Targets:
OPERATIONS MANAGER : BRANCH MANAGER PRODUCTION MANAGER - TERMINAL MANAGER - PLANT

Technically-savvy and driven-to-succeed problem-solver a career rich in evaluating complex
situations and making improvements that have praebiee productivity 50%, feecnrod company’s customer base, and dramatically lowered the of on-

pmol an in-depth understanding of plant operations, sales, and H.R. initiatives with a Seacrest
ach while maintaining the pinnacke in top-quality output. Recognized as a key liaison between
and company based on talent for quickly earning client trust, confidence, respect.

Skilled in multi-functional team collaboration with all operating departments while guiding up to 260
direct reports and maintaining an upbeat work environment. Above-average knowledge of Excel, Word,
and Adobe with an added complernent of basic |.T. and industry-related software programs. Maintain
Current certification in Red Cross First Aid. Fluent in both English and Dutch. Respected leader and

proponent of team-concept management in both union and non-union environments, ident 4 staff's unique talents, and motivating project teams to realize their optimum

Multi-Site Operations Management © P&L Accountability, Expense Control, &
- Goal-Setting & Attainment Month-End iba OS

ae lic Planning & Execution * Employee Training. ing, & . .. Brokerage, a Trip, Cross-Docking, & is

Waricaat © Vendor Selection & Negotiations
- Safety ¢ Purchasing & Procurement . Garey & Sarvs Provide Management © ITS Mani t
- Change Lelay able &3S Integration ° Key mance indicators
- Budget Formu & Administration © High-impact Presentations . Ered Chain Mai ment Documentation * Workflow Planning & Prioritization . icy & Procedure Creation ¢ Analysis & Problem tion

Operations Manager + CCT Logistics, 2007 - present
Selected from & group of fkundreds of eligi candidates to join this full domestic broker offering
superior offering coast-to-coast expedited service. Oversee day-to-day operations, customer focal
point, warehouse distribution, and administrative functions related to inbound and outbound
transportation while leading, ee: and er ag ore direct ‘erhesisin’! {cock workers, warehouse
employees, and drivers) for this 50, ‘saft factly, Rey

. in just 1 year, saareeie productivity 50% by instituting a range of self-created employee training
and support prograi
. Maxirized route delivery efficiencies by guaranteeing that trucks were fully loaded to avert the need
extra runs
- Drastically minimized the potential for on-the-job accidents by establishing a no-tolerance policy for questionable behaviour on the work site

Regional Franchisee / Owner « Fastway Couriers, Calgary 2006 - 2007 abe this franchise based on comprehensive due di and highty-lucrative potential in an
yee hen Somes marketplace serving the City of Calgary. Mai 3 employees. Key


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.