ROBERT SMITH Electrical Engineer |

Phone: (0123)456-789 | Emad: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
-------

Bectrical Engineer | with a comprehensive knowledge of electrical engineering, design, and
codes. Familiar with regulatory standard and procedures of the electrical industry, A responsible
individual who is committed to achieving excellence. Ability to effectively prioritize and juggle
multiple concurrent projects. Excellent attention to details and well organized. Possess great
analytical skills. Avays on schedule and budget, able to prioritize and handle multiple tasks while
effectively achieving and exceeding project goals.

Lakisha Washington

SmartPlant Electrical, Smartplant Instrumentation, Smartplant P&ID, Smartplant 3D, ETAP, Transformer Data Sheet Creation, Wiring Diagram, Interconnect Drawing & Load List Reports
Creations

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Electrical Engineer |
ABC Corporation - March 2009 - Present

Key Deliverables:

- Interacting with the process-engineer, control engineer team every day to design required coordinated designs,

- Preparing supporting documents like single line diagram, wiring diagram, etc,

- Developing, prepare, check and coordinate designs, drawings plus other documents needed for piant electrical systems as per applicable standards and codes.

» Reviewing and coordinate vendor design documents review to ensure compliance to design requirements,

- Preparing and overseeing electrical power system dasign having single line diagrams, wiring and eiementary diagrams along with layout and circuitry design.

- Performing with electrical engineers to develop electrical designs meeting needs and codes:

- Generating quality assurance of electrical, control detail engineering and design project deliverables,

Junior Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - July 2005 - August 2007

Key Deliverables:
» Worked as an electrical engineer &amp; provided electrical engineering suppon to nuclear
power projects:
- Responsible for understanding/studying technical specilication &amp; scope of supply for electrical equipment from the tender document. = Prepared comparative technical &amp; commercial evaluation sheets tor offers. » Obdtained conlirmation/clarification on our commercial terms &amp; conditions

- _ - _ - _ - - - - - - _.. - _ - nXn nn
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

‘0 This Eree Resume Template ts ihe copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
