Robert Smith

Food and Beverage Server/Supervisor

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Highly organized and detail oriented with several years of administrative assistant experience, Able to maintain a postitive attitued while interacting
with demanding clients. Focused on customer service, properly greeting each client/quest. Responding quickly to all inquiries and anwering phone
calls with a professional and friendly attitude. Maintain positive moral and work ethic. Very reliable, dependable, honest and hardworking,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Food and Beverage Server/Supervisor
ABC Corporation- April 2012 - December 2012 Re sponsibilities:
= Provide prompt quality service to all patrons of the restaurant.
- Focusing on custorner service and paying attention to detail to ensure accuracy of all orders.
- Maintain a clean and friendly environment, Work as a tearn player. = Multi-task to decrease custorner wait time.
- Responsible for cashing out all customer tickets both dine-in and take- out, = Work in accordance with gila county health departrnent requirements and guidelines ensuring food handling safety, = Complete daily side work duties both before and after each shift.

Food and Beverage Server
ABC Corporation- November 2008 - August 2010 Responsibilities:
= 85550 Provide prompt quality service to all patrons of the Casino.
= Focusing on customer service and paying attention to detail to ensure accuracy of all orders.
= Maintain a clean and friendly environment.
- = Work as a team player. = Multi-task to decrease custorner wait time, = Responsible for cashing out all customer tickets both dine-in and take- out, = Work in accordance with gila county health department requirements and guidelines ensuring food handling safety.

EDUCATION
--------- Certificate - (Arizona School of Massage Therapy - Tempe, AZ)

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

Bilingual, Strong Work Ethic.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Narne)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.