Lakisha Washington

Public Relations Specialist

Motivated and solution-oriented public relations specialist with 2+ years of experience. Eager to
join Ralph Lauren to assist in shaping the brand's strong image and developing the PR strategy.
In previous roles secured editorial product placements in 20+ high-fashion magazines.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
2016 - Public Relations Specialist
2018 Bottega Veneta

Managed sample requests for editorial opportunities in the US.

Developed key relationships with national and regional womenswear and menswear contacts.

Acted as brand representative at seasonal press days to interact with key

attending editors.

Prepared and distributed press releases.

Liaised with corporate communications team for events and product launches.

Oversaw seasonal freelancer support for sample requests, day to day sample

trafficking and reporting.

Key achievements:

- Secured editorial product placements in 20+ print and online fashion magazines, including Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Elle, L'Officiel, and W.

- Organized 10+ seasonal collection walkthroughs with design, marketing,

advertising, and editorial teams.

2016-06 - Public Relations Intern
2016-10 Balenciaga
- Assisted with domestic and international sample trafficking.
- Participated in media research projects.
- Supported event preparation and execution.
- Maintained showrooms.
- Monitored credits and features in print and online media.

EDUCATION
---------

2016 Bachelor of Arts, Public Relations, USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism, LA
GPA: 3.9 Relevant coursework:
- Effective Writing for Strategic Public Relations
- Social, Legal, and Ethical Foundations of Public Relations

- Business and Economic Foundations of Public Relations

Associations Public Relations Society of America (PRSA) - Member Toastmasters International - Accredited Speaker

INTERESTS
---------

Fashion photography

Modernist painting

Personal Info

Phone

+1-299-456-7888

E-mail
sophie.arquette@gmail.com

Linkedin
linkedin.com/in/sophiearquette Twitter

twitter.com/sarquette

SKILLS
------ Oral and written communication eeeee Time management eeeee Media outreach eeee Media relations
eee0e Brand management eeee CMS platforms eeee Social media marketing eeee Languages French
eeee0e Bilingual Italian eeee Advanced
