Robert Smith SONTACT. DETAILS

1737 Marsbhville Road, Alabama

Junior Electrical Engineer (123)-456-7899
Info@qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

3+ years of experiences as a junior Electrical Engineer. Experience includes SKILLS
Testing of equipment, Installation, Troubleshooting, Maintenance, Power MS Word, MS Excel, MS
generation, High Voltage Transmission and distribution, Radio Frequency, PowerPoint, Linux, Unix,
Analog and Digital circuit design, Hardware prograrnming, Microelectronics, Window s-XP, Vista, 2007
Solar power, Research, and Development. Excellent interpersonal and 4 t ‘001 <
communication abilities, and possess a wide range of technical skills. Enjoy Engineering Tools:
being part of ateam, as well as managing, motivating and training a MATLAB, AutoCAD, productive tear, and thrives in high pressure and challenging working Autodesk, Madelsim,
environments. LabVIEW

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- LANGUAGES junior Electrical Engineer English (Native)
ABC Corporation- August 2016 - August 2018 French (Professional) Re sponsibilities: Spanish (Professional)
= Responsibilities included electrical systern planning including electric distribution layouts, specifications of wiring systems, and analysis of
ions: INTERESTS
- Reviewed project construction submittals and shop drawings, updated, Climbing revised and reviewed equipment files. Snowboarding = Trained and managed a tearn of five emplayees, ensuring adherence to Ree safety procedures and maintenance of high-quality service standards expected by management.
- Prepared rough drafts of essential project correspondence, meeting REFERENCES minutes, and mernoranda. = Coordinated with other in house disciplines, utility cornpanies, Reference - 1 (Company

consulting engineers, architects, and contractors to maximize overall efficiency and effectiveness in project design.

- Prepared layout and designed for redium- and low-voltage electrical power and distribution systems.

- Responsible for underground work Including cable pulling, Installing Instruments &arnp; threaded rod, trunking, tray, ladder rack, confined space entry, small power, and lighting.

Name) Reference ~ 2 (Company Name)

Electrical Engineer Intern
ABC Corporation- August 2015 - June 2016 Re sponsibilities:
= Analyzed, troubleshoot and corrected the electrical malfunctions.
= Analyzed operation of protective relays when activated upon a trip-out of generating unit to be able to pinpoint the source of the problem.
= Prepared estimates, plans, and specifications for minor plant additions and modifications,
= Designed modifications and additions to existing equipment that require sizing of motors, cables, and accornpanying instruments and controls.
= Prepared all special reports on the operation and maintenance of the power generating plant as deemed necessary.
= Prepared special procedures and supervises the operation of electrical

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Gukielines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Community College of Denver