AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Conference events People management Customer service Brand management Business generation

Account management

PROFESSIONAL

Catering qualifications

Health & safety certified

PERSONAL SKILLS

Passionate

Forward thinking Focused

Hard working

CONTACT
-------

Maxine Curry Dayjob Led

The Big Peg Birmingham

B18 ONF

T: 0121 638 0026
AM: 0121 638 0026 Driving license: Yer

Maxine Curry

Director of sales PERSONAL SUMMARY

A capable individual who has an existing “book of contacts” that she can bring with her, and who is confident in her ability to generate business quickly. Maxine is a real
problem solver at heart, someone who is able to grasp complex problems and devise cTeative solutions. She is a team orientated professional who can successfully work
with people at different levels. On a personal level she has a positive, ‘can do’ attitude
and is hungry for success and reward. Right now she is keen to join a company that only employs the most talented and which offers its customers the best service.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Company name - Birmingham

DIRECTOR OF SALES Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for ensuring that the sales team collectively works together to drive the

business forward.

- Meeting all agreed sales targets set by the Sales Director.

- Identifying talented members of staff and then assisting to develop them further. ‘business continues to operate successfully.

- Networking at a senior level across existing and potential organisations.

- Managing a diverse workforce of individuals from different countries.

Company name - Location

JOB TITLE Employment dates (ie. Aug 2011 -Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

- Experience of co-ordinating or organising functions and events.

- Prepared to work unsocial hours, such as split shifts, early momings, evenings and weekends in order to fulfil duties and be present at key functions.

- Sound knowledge of Hygiene, Health & Safety issues.

- Keen to expand her existing technical knowledge and learn as much as possible.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton Uni 2008 - 2011 BSc (Hons) Catering

Coventry Cenmral College 2005 - 2008 A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C) REFERENCES - Available on request.


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.