CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

Peter Smith

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

AMS SYSTEMS, New York, NY
Database Administrator [J, Jun 2003 ~ present

Approve, schedule, plan, and supervise the installation and testing of new products wad improvements to

computer systems such as the installation of new databuses.

Develop data model describing data elements and how they are used, following procedures and using pen,

template or compater software.

Develop bap ie bsllas rp decor cg so they work properly together such as customizing

commercial databases to fit specific needs.

bret existing databuves and database tuenagemeat systems or direct programmers and analysts to make
mages.

Plan, coordinate and implement security measures to safeguant information in compater files against

accidental or unauthorized damage, modification or disclosure.

peters part of = project team to coordinate database development and determine project scope and

‘Test programs or databases, correct errors and make necessary modifications.

‘Write and code logical and physical database descriptions ond specify identifiers of database to management

system or direct others in coding deseriptions.

‘Tram esers and answer questions.

Database Administrator 1, Jan 2001 - Jum 2003

Establish and calculate optioum values for detabase parameters, using manuals wad calculator.

Review procedures in databese management gystem manuals for making changes to database,

Review workflow charts developed by programmer analyst to understand tasks computer will perform, sach
as updating records.

Specify weers and user access levels for each segment of database,

Identify and evaluate industry trends in database systems to serve as n source of information and advice for
upper management

Review project requests deseribing database user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish

EDUCATION
--------- phitra2! Blow Rad Ne nl NY United States

Administration, May 2000

TECHNICAL SKILLS
----------------

eee

Backup or archival software - Acronis Recovery Expert, BMC Cotalog Mani RMAN

Data base reporting software - Orncle Reports, Oracle SQL Loader, Orace SQI, Plus, ReCeystallize Crystal
Reports

Object oviented dats base management voftware - IBM Informix, PostgreSQL software

Systems and data disaster recovery software - VERITAS NetBackup

Clustering software - Cluster server software, Oracle Real Application Cluster RAC

Data base management system software - BMC Change Manager, Embarcadero Technologies DBArtisan,
IBM DB2, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL software, Oricle DBMS, Oracle Enterprise Manager

Database cloning software - Hewlett-Packard HP Omniback [1,1BM ADSTAR, Legato NetWorker
Data base user interface and query software - Database query langwage, Structured query language SQL

324 Spreng Mendow Lanz New York, NY 10003 12436-1434 peter-emthghgmnil com
