CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

Resume Customer

‘Street Address, Caty, State ZIP RER-RRK-SREK + cmuibiaddress.com

Senior SQL Developer, DBA and Data Modeler

Experienced SQL developer and administrator with extensive project management experience. Proven
record of contribution and successful completion of vital, enterprise-level SQL projects in « demanding
financial services environment. Outstanding supervisory skills, capable of motivating and leading team
members, Developed or assisted with development of many major internal SQL applications and projects,
Drives bottom-line results using a strategic hands-on approach. Understands the synergies of technology,
Process improvement, business operations, and strategic planning. Consistently exceeds project goals
with high precision and efficiency.

Skills and Areas of Expertise

- Microsoft Windows Server +* Microsoft Team Foundation Server © Quest SQL Spotlight

- SQL Server 2008 (RI & R2) ¢ Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 © Repliweb

- SQL Server 2005/ 2000/7.0 ¢ Microsoft Visual Source Safe © SQL Litespeed

- SQL Server Reporting Services» Ci, Visual Basic, NET, C++ Executive Leadership
- SQL Server Integration Services « ERWIN, MYSQL, AS400 * Project Management

‘© SQL Server Analysis Services + SQL Compare © Process Improvements

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Bank of America, Calabasas, CA 2009 - Present Vice President, Senior Technical Manager

Responsible for key reporting operutions within Enterprise Change, Technology and Operations
management using Microsoft SQL Server. Designed and developed @ metrics reporting aystem wo
aggregate all discoverable hardware and software information deployed across the enterprise from various
sources such a3 Runbook, Maximo and Enventory. Created monitoring tools and processes to monitor
database storage and file space usage.

Managed « team of six to eight associates responsible for managing hundreds of SQL databases for the
secondary marketing division. Played a key role in directing strategy and database design, Ensured
reliability and availability of critical data through configuration, database optimization, mirroring,
deployment in NAS and SAN environments and centralized backups. Secured databases utilizing best
practices and developed a proprietary obfuscation system to scrub customer sensitive data before release
to development and testing environments,
