Emily Walsh

Senior Java Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Senior Java Developer with over 10 years of IT experience In Desian, Development, Testing, and Maintenance of various distributed and Web
applications including n-tier, MVC architecture, and User interface using J2EE and Web technologies. Worked with Java, Serviets, JSP, JDBC, JNDI,
XML, JavaScript, CSS and Apache Struts frarnework. Extensively worked on Web Sphere, Oracle, and Apache Torncat Application servers with IDE
Eclipse, IBM Web Sphere Studio Application Developer.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Java Developer
Bank Of America - October 2014 - Present Responsibilities:

- Java lead responsible for the handling of server-side business components, coding, UML design and cornpleting the enhancement lifecycle for the work product,

- Completed mainframe integration testing by connecting MQ from the local machine,

= Developed mask table structures based on mainframe transaction input and output data structure,

= Implemented spring web services to fetch the data fromm mainframe IMS transactions.

= Implemented two new Ul screens (backorder and supplemental back order report) using angular js and bootstrap.

= Extensively used hibernate in data access layer to access and update information in the database,

- Worked in offshore development portal project to set up the processes and flow In a project using Java technologies.

Senior java Developer
ABC Corp - 2008-2014 Re sponsibilities:
= Developed cost-effective information technology solutions by creating new or modifying existing software applications that are moderately
complex, = Analyzed and validated moderately complex systern requirernents and existing business processes and Information systems.
= Developed and implemented new prograrns and/or modifications of existing applications.
= Responsible for the design, prototyping and other methodologies for new and/or existing systems including the development of test plans
and program specifications with minimal interfaces, = Coded, tested, debugged, docurnented, and implemented the
moderately complex software applications according to standards.
- Developed specifications and programms moderately cornplex technical modules, applications, prototypes and computer prograrns.
- Performed all aspects of applications programming and developrnent

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Agile, Test Driven Development, Iterative, Scrum, Prototype, Though Works Typical Product Method.J2EE
Technologies Servlets, JSP, String Templates

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
---------

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
