CANDIDATE LEVEL: Senior-Level Candidate

Rafael Andres

Ramirez Serrano

Calle 56 # 19-51 Apto 802, Torcoroma
Barrancabermeja, tander 687033

R feclert il.com / RSeri sib.

al jail.com .com
Mobile 2 BES 15150 (+57. 7 Career Objective :

To obtain a challenging position in a high quality engineering environment with team oriented tasks and
career opportunities, where my resourceful experience and academic skills will add value to organizational
operations.

Academic Details :

- Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering [2011] with aggregate of 4.1 from Universidad Industrial de Santander

Figh Behenl s Accounting Assistant [2004] with aggregate of 100 from Colegio Fundacién Manuela

Work Experience :
- Working as Wireline Lead Engineer in Schlumberger Ltd from Oct 2015 to till date

Role in charge of Wireline operations (Open Hole & Cased Hole ). To manage
personnal, tol, tools, units and logging procedure based ort Barrancabermeja apt Northern of

- Working as Wireline Field Engineer in Schlumberger Ltd. from Mar 2012 to till date

Role :Logging Engineer. Prepare, execute and finalize Wireline logging jabs for majority of Oil and
Gas companies in Colombia.

Explosive Safety Officer. Control and audit explosives and permits used in oil and mining industry.
Customers services.

- Worked as Researcher in Hidrodynamic Lubrication in Universidad Industrial de Santander from
May 2010 to Oct 2011

lige! ‘Investigate, analyze, synthesize, document and expose the existent in the solution of the nonlinearity in hydrodynamics journal bearings. Establish the
state of the art about of applied numerical methods by the solution of nonlinearity in journal bearings.

- Worked as Mechanical Designer in Indoo Ltda. from Oct 2010 to Apr 2011

Role :Design and build bench for training of pneumatic and electro-pneumatic systems tests.
Design build bench for training of mechanic flukis test.
Select the pump, the hydraulic motor, filter, tank and protections for a fluid power system.

- Worked as Internship - Mechanical Engineering and Rotative Equipment in Ecopetrol S.A. from Aug
2009 to Mar 2010

Role :Establish the number of APL‘s (Application Part List) and systematize them in ELLIPSE for the
critical rotative equipment, for RCM, and setup 2010.

Project Details :
PROJECT: 1 Title : DPLM - Down hole Open Perforation Length Measurement

Description : Research project at Schlumberger, Logging Engincer for a new technology to measure open
perforation and its depth.

Duration =: - 12 months / 2014 - 2015

Role : Test Engincer. First worldwide log performed in thice wells of Colombia, Team Sie : 10

PROJECT : 2

Title : Seminary of Investigation in Hydrodynamic Lubrication

Description : Project to et cca Engineering Degree. Five factors identified and classified in Journal
Bearings. i empecrature, roughness, geometry, turbulence and cavitations)

Duration ==: = 12 months / 2010-2011 Role : Leader
