BPO Manager Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH semen

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

Asa BPO Manager, planned process control pararneters and ensured follow-up on execution, provided input based on VOC, VOP, or best practices to the value stream manager, and
maintained of process library, Ensured that all processes and SOPs were mapped and maintained
in accordance with the established CB standards.

SKILLS
------

Client Relationship Management, Strategic Thinking.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

BPO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2002

Ensured effective change management of key change Initiatives by VSM, process owners, and

Country stakeholders &ndash; ensured stakeholder Involvernent and buy-in to changes.

Identified, and maintained library and simplified exceptions across countries, processes, and

customer segrnents,

Supported countries, GSCs, and other stakeholders on operational issues and process-related
jueries,

Maintained and provided the framework for transformation and for continuous Improvernent

plan on the process.

Maintained the effectiveness of systerns and solutions to ensure performance levels were

sustained.

Demonstrated a successful track record of achievements in an OTC or Credit Managernent

function In a global organization.

Developed and supported alignment within the global OTC organization, and maximized the

efficiency of the service providers, people, locations, ERP systerns, and processes,

BPO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2000

Ensured effective change managemerit of key change Initiatives by VSM, process owners, and
Country stakeholders &ndash; eg ensure stakeholder involvement and buy-in to changes:
Identified, and rnaintained library and simplified exceptions acrass countries, processes, and
customer searments,

Supported countries, GSCs, and other stakeholders on operational issues and process-related
queries.

Maintained and provided the frarnework for transformation and for continuous improvernent plan on the process,

Maintained the effectiveness of systems and solutions to ensure performance levels were sustained.

Demonstrated a successful track record of achievernents in an OTC or Credit Management
function in a global organization. Project Managed implementation of Collection or other OTC
tools.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
National American University