KEV N A. THOMPSON 199 Fortuna Drive = Boston, MA 02111

888-7 37-3963 ® info @norwoodconsulting.org

- BUSINESS ENTERPRISE ARCHITECT*

Harness Enterprise Architecture to Ensure a Competitive Advantage for International Corporations
in Challenging Markets through Continuous Improvements and Integrated Solutions.

Senior business and enterprise architect with extensive experience leading strategic technology frarnework
development, capability mapping, and operating model development projects for Fortune 500 corporations.
Successful background partnering with stakeholders to develop architecture frarneworks that align strategy,
processes, people, and technology with overall business objectives. In-depth experience establishing best
practices and guidelines for selecting, developing, and implementing information systerns within enterprise.
Dedicated change agent constantly in search of faster and better ways of achieving reductionsin development
cycles and waste, and improved integration, crossfunctionality, and standardization of processes and services.
Proven expertise in:

Enterprise and Business Architecture BH) High Performance Team Building EH] Business Process Engineering HB) Capability Mappirg
Strategic Planning Information Systems Audits IT Risk Governance 2) Organizational Design and Development
EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
COVIDIEN, Boston, MA 2006 to Present

Business Enterprise Architect

Provided business process engineering guidance to business analysts, business partners, and process
improvement tears that aligned efforts through a strategic technology framework. Facilitated and directed
strategy, design, and development of a company-wide Capability Map with conceptual business process
landscape. Designed Reference Architecture, Solution Patterns, and standards for Business process and data
model integration and reuse. Provided consulting and deployment skills for implernenting Zachman
Framework. Identified and drafted standards, best practices, training, and methodology to lead Global
enterprise towards model-driven analysis. Planned and facilitated process redesign of current SOLC and IT
operating model to support an Enterprise Architecture model. Worked closely with Enterprise Life Cycle {ELC}
tear to incorporate new processes into life cycle methodology.

ENTERPRISE IMPACT:

= Implemented Lean Six Sigrna Green Belt project to identify, measure, and improve reuse. During six-
month project, development time decreased by 50% and achieved $150K in documented savings.

= Facilitated evolution of Enterprise Reference model and Enterprise Information Services model,
including conducting process modeling sessions and aligning with data models and build out
architecture views. Provided views to Portfolio owners for Portfolio Rationalization opportunities.

= Provided a stable frarmework for developing a business-driven strategic technology frarmework that
aligned all IT initiatives and projectsto business goals.

= Designed and built an evolving Organization that aligned Strategy to Results for the ongoing curation
of Process and Information that aligned to Capability map.

= Loaded and maintained ITIL v2 & 3 model central repository for reuse and implementation.


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University