CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

ROBERT SMITH Food and Beverage Director I

il: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

Certified Event Coordination Targeted Selection, Certification 10+ years of experience in administrative
assistance, sales and marketing, property operations and management, Culinary Advisory Board member.

Fluent speaking with Deaf clients. Am. Sign Language.

WORK EXTERIENCE

Food and Beverage Director I
ABC Corpomtion - January 2003 - May 2004

® Managed all food-and-beverage apemtions of an upscale private club, generating over$ LSM
annually.

- = Directed human resources, marketing, purchasing, financial reporting, inventory control, regulatory compliance, and guest relations.

- ~ Revitalized languishing food operation by introducing new menus and offering functions, meetings and catering based on guest preferences and seasonal considerations.

- Complied with all food and beverage health, liquor and safety regulations; as well as all federal, state and local applicable laws,

- Scheduled, evaluated and trained staff and ensured staff complied with all custamer service standanis.

- Ensured Food and Beverage floor opemted in a smooth, efficient manner to ensure customer satisfaction,

- Reviewed and approved all recommendations and suggestions to hire, tmunsfer, suspend, promote, discharge, eval ute, assign and discipline all Food and Bevenige employees in a fair and equitable manner.

Food And Beverage Director
ABC Corpomtion - 2000-2003

- Bffectively managed all restaumint, bar und kitchen staff consisting of a total af 35 people an a daily basis.

Conducted monthly taining sessions to improve customer service skills of wait staff.

Menu planning for specialty buffet and banguet functions.

Purchased food and liquor supervised inventory of stock, liquor and equipment.

Weekly payroll for the entire restaurant, bar and banquet staff.

Managed and implemented operating budget.

Managed the catering and functions sales for conventions, meetings and weddings..

- This Ens Remus Tomphats = the copyright of Qwiknewimecom, Usage Galdsfines
