Greg Baker

Program Manager / PMO Director

Project Management | Strategic Planning | PMO Management
Energetic, trusted, and detail-oriented Senior Program Manager and strategic solutions provider with outstanding project management
and conflict management skills. Hand-picked by executive team to turn around underperforming programs; accomplished leader
known and respected for leading successful change in projects and building credibility with executive teams and staff. Solutions driver
who bridges the gap between business and technology with expertise in managing complex programs and multiple concurrent projects.
Cincls FAK haces bs levee ie ually progpanee Wal sche bminean pena tcl peieeie ergs races Tor anbarptce ton
financial systems and legacy workflow systems.

Conflict Management ¢ Tumaround Operations @ Staffing & Resource Management

@ Risk & Issue Management ¢ Financial Modeling & Analysis + ¢ Agile & Waterfall Methodologies

Cost/Beneft Analysis @ Change Management ¢ Stakeholder Management

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

Project Management Professional (PMP) ~ Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) Lean Six Sigma Green Belt (LSSGB) Professional ~ ITIL V.8 (Basis) Certified
Certified Financial Planner (CFP)

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Gridlock Builders; Boston, MA (2011 - Present) DIRECTOR OF FINANCE / PROGRAM PMO Start-Up | Contract Management | PMO Management
Trusted Financial Executive with CFO- and ClO-level responsibilities; adds transparency to IT and financial operations while adapting
financial strategy to organizational goals. Program Manager over all IT projects - manage workoads, define deliverables, hire and
mentor resources, conduct performance reviews, and ensure compliance with established PMO processes. Direct business
forecasting and financial analysis activities and identify opportunities and risks along with action plans to ensure attainment of financial
goals.
Spearheaded the development of the first-ever Program Management Office; defined project management processes,
including those related to requirements management, change control, and user acceptance testing.
. Sed BO Sa Prk cots 0 ny Fae aeten_ repre irae. Ea ore Sere Satny SORE aee ae a vendors; enhanced quality assurance and maintained timelines.
. Fass iii clic iy ceca Iya Sta a cca sae’ vk pcos
manage contracts for all IT vendors including website development, hosting, IT operations, and IT applications development.
New Morgan and Co., Inc.; Trenton, NJ (2010 - 2012) VP OF ENTERPRISE INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS / PROGRAM MANAGEMENT
Off-Shore Project Management | Multimillion-Dollar Budgets | Global PMO Staff
Top-performing Program Manager consistently sought out to reengineer troubled projects. Managed PMO staff in a matrix reporting
‘structure consisting of 44 Global Project Managers and a department budget of $15-million. Managed all projects, budgets, and
‘strategic analysis for all programs. Prescribed solutions that provided quick ROI! for maximum revenue productivity, service
optimization, and system flexibility.
- Directed programs with up to 70 infrastructure and application projects - implemented vendor and financial strategies that improved project planning and reduced costs by 60% in only five months.
