Robert Smith

Fitness Specialist II

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Extensive experience in the wellness and fitness Industry and sales, | would be a great asset to any company seeking a sales representative in health
and wellness industries. Currently an Independent fitness business owner and have successfully marketed individual and corporate fitness programs.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Fitness Specialist ill
Centaur Wellness - January 2003 - 2019 Re sponsibilities:

= Facilitate corporate and individual fitness programs,

- Train staff on fitness industry updates and coaches personal trainers on professional conduct.

- Provide consultation to corporations on the set-up of superior, cutting edge fitness facilities,

= Counsel clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits.

= Provide clients and groups of all ages through personal workout, strength and conditioning, and speed and agility training.

- Established a long-term cooperate fitness contract with national company Effectively marketed fitness services Dernonstrated extensive knowledge of fitness and wellness equipment and products Provided flexible scheduling for clients.

= Built a wellness culture in company Skills Used Superior communication skills Enthusiastic and energetic Savvy negotiating.

Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation- 1999 - 2003 Re sponsibilities:
= Maintain client profile with workout history, progress in measurements, account balance.
= Maintain cleanliness of gym and maintain equipment.
- Maintain client/member relationships. = Maintained and applied safety and occupational health laws, regulations, principles, theories, practices, and/or procedure.
- Maintain client health history files and exercise progressions. = Analyze session with client to solve and pinpoint performance issues and opportunities to correct. = Attend birnonthly business meetings to discuss business progression and trouble areas for self and location.,

EDUCATION
---------

Post Graduate Studies in Exercise Physiology - 1980(Lamar University - Beaumont, TX)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Word, Email, Social Media.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.