CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

MALLORY QUINN:

Email: Mallory)Quinn@aol com. cell: 813-785-0551

Height: 55° Hair: Long Brunette Byes: Hazet Voice Range Alto Soprana/ Alto MezoBelt Busch Gardens Stars of Tomorrow Featured Dancer Busch Gardens
Major League Team Owner's Conference National Anthem Soloist Tropboana Stadium Choreography & Directing
Musto of the Knight:
The Songs of Sir Andrew Lioyd Webber Choreographer Salerno Theater Company The Wedding Singer Choreographer Florida Academy of Performing Arts
Dawson Dance Academy Recital 2016 Choreographer Dawson Dance Academy Allee in Wondertand Jr. Director & Choreographer Dewson Dance Acadamy
Training:
- Blake High School for the Performing Arts: Musica! Theatre Major Kar and DiMarco School of Theatre and Dance:
- Syears ballet, tap, jazz, company member. Mary Jo's Performing Arts Acadeny:
- 2years, pointe & hip hop.

2013: Recipient of “Best Actress in a Musicat Eponine, Les Miserables” award, by Plant City Entertainment
2007 State Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Large Group, My Body from “The Life”

2008 State Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Small Group, At the Ballet from “A Chorus Line”

2007 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Small Group, At the Ballet from “A Chorus Line”
2006 Districts Thespian Competition Crithes Choice Showcase: Large Group, My Body from “The Life”

2005 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Large Group, Mr. Witherspoon from “Lucky Stiff”
2006 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Duet, | Know Him So Well from “Chess”

Technical Theatre experience (deck crew, spotlight, costumes, sound).

Extensive experience working with animals from growing up ona horse farm and employment at an animal
hospital as a veterinary assistant (2 years).

Certified TAGteach (clicker) instructor, and knowledgeable of positive reinforcement train ings for animals
and humans.

Published author of research using positive reinforcement training in performing arts domains (dance), in
the Journal of Applied Beh avior Analysis.

Writer and creator of: The POINTE Program (POsitive INTerventions to Enhance the Performance of
Dancers).

Masters in Applied Behavior Analysis

Board Certified Behavior Analyst

Formerly member of advanced bandensemble for flute and alto saxophone (2001-2004).

Pure Barre Fitness instructor (employee of Pure Barre Westchase since June of 2014).

Musical Theater and Dance Instructor (employee of Dawson's Dance Academy Westchase since June of
2015).
