Robert Smith

Food Beverage Manager II

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Recognized for tearn-building and leadership skills and determination to lead by example to motivate united teams.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Food Beverage Manager I/

ABC Corporation -

1998 - 2007

Re sponsibilities:

Knowledge of quest service fundamentals and experience building a guest first culture on your tearn.

Knowledge of Food &amp; Beverage business fundamentals department sales trends, freshness and quality, inventory management, guest
shopping patterns and pricing and promotions strategies.

Supported Food &amp; Beverage priorities and deliver sales goals.
Experiences leading atearn of hourly tearn mernbers; including skills in interviewing, developing, coaching, evaluating and retaining talent.
Understood sales goals, plan and execute daily/weekly workload to deliver on departrnent and store sales goals and quest engagernent,
including merchandising, pricing, transitions, revisions, sampling and promotions

Executed 4 fresh, full and food safe area during all operating hours leveraging strong inventory management, area routines and Food
Safety policies and procedures

${job_description7 }

Food Beverage Manager

Delta Corporation -

1995 - 1996

Responsibilities:

Supervise breakfast team members.

Supervises the bar tearn members.

Work with other department managers.

Take inventory of food, beverages, and supplies needed for daily operation.

Order or purchase food supplies,

Prepare food for the breakfast, and banquet displays,

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

EDUCATION
--------- Diploma

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------ Management.

LANGUAGES

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.