Information Technology Director Phones 2) 636 8 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH semen

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

Management Strong business partner with over fourteen years of experience in Information Technology leadership Visionary in the use of process and technology to enable efficient
operations and innovative revenue growth Expertise in leading multi-million dollar technology
based Initiatives Proven ability to find, lead, develop and retain top talent.

SKILLS
------

MS Office.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Information Technology Director
ABC Corporation - April 2008 - April 2009

Managed Information Technology and Engineering departments for a medical device and custorn eyeglass manufacturer.

Scope of responsibility included application development, production support, Infrastructure
design and support, project management, and custorner service.

Specific accomplishments included Provided guidance and oversight on hardware and software configuration rnmanagement for a laser wavefront optical aberrometer,

Led development of an IT strategic plan for the organization resulting in implementation of
several new projects designed to optimize the technology portfolio.

Conducted thorough audit of all IT policies and procedures leading to a major revision of existing policies and developrnent of nurnerous new policies.

Developed and managed annual departmental budgets for both the IT and Engineering departments.

Led development of business intelligence solution to provide real time sales and manufacturing Information to key stakeholders throughout the organization,

Information Technology Director
Pershing Memorial Hospital - 2005 - 2008

Direct all IT Department functions and activities, establishing a large server array, utilizing the
sors in HP-harcware, and leveraging expertise in Microsoft 2008 server, and the VMware platform,

Qversee and manage all areas of IT, Phone, Video, Security as well as leader on facility disaster ready tearn, member of management tears for oversight and quality.

Work closely with C level managers on new projects and hospital wide initiatives; oversee all
software support for EHR system and all associated applications,

Provide leadership to IT staff, as well support and training to help develop competency skills
needed to move forward with their careers,

Continue to manage the on-going requirements for Meaningful Use, with new builds, updates and quality measures to be able to attest at the next required level.

Provide on call support on rotating basis, acting as help desk when staff requires support after
hours and on weekends.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University