Robert Smith

Apparel Sales Associate II

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Good organizational skills and ability to multitask. Strong leadership, administrative, and
organizational skills, Exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to work with people from all backgrounds. Ability to work well within a team and
individually. Reliable, resourceful, hard working, long term ernplayee,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Apparel Sales Associate II
ABC Corporation- September 2012 - October 2014 Responsibilities:
= Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
= Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.
= Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based or customer needs and desires.
= Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.
= Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.
- Maintain knowledge of current sales and prornotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices, = Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items,

Apparel! Sales Associate
Walmart - 2007 - 2012 Re sponsibilities:
= My job requires me to answer any questions customers may have, and to be of any help to thern.
= While doing my job; to neatly put away any clothing, by color and size on shelves, or end caps.
- Fold clothes and towels and put thern in their departrnent. = Do have store opening and closing experience, as well as being an overnight stocker:
- Am cashier trained in my job, | scan custorners products.
- Ama backup cashier when needed, = Know how to set up modulars for products.,

EDUCATION
---------

High School Diploma - 2012(Lamar Consolidated High School - Rosenberg, TX)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Gukielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Journalism, Spanish, Dance, Broadcasting, 3 Years Of Art, Speech, Child Development, Automotive, Health,
Business Managment,.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University