Greg Baker

Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume, corm

Electrical Engineer Il Website = wou. culresiime.com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY
-------

Experienced Electrical Engineer |] with a strong technical background and demonstrated success
in design, integration, installation, maintenance, and repair of a wide variety of systems, including
Information Technology, Telecommunications, RADAR and support systems for NASA and U.S,
Army. Expertise includes developing and implementing process control and process improvernent
Initiatives, Talented leader and skilled communicator who proactively builds top-perforrning teams
and establishes key collaborative relationships with all levels of employees, from highly skilled
engineers, technical and support staff to C-level executives.

SKILLS
------

Electrical /Electronics Engineering, Teaching, Tearnwork, Telecornmunications, Telecormmunications, Research, Management, Microsoft Office

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Electrical Engineer Il
ABC Corporation - 2010- 2018

Collaborated with mechanical engineers to resolve product development and maintenance issues,

Designed and implemented electrical equiprnent, facilities, and systerns for cormmercial and
domestic purposes.

Helped initiate a more organized drawing package to increase manufacturing productivity, Reviewed design drawings, specifications and custorner requirements for newly engineered
components and processes,

Simulated overvoltage protection studies covering both lightning and switching surges.
Calculated critical pararneters for the generators, transformers, circuit breakers, and other
auxiliary equiprnent,

Installed control panels and delivered quality assurance of protection techniques during machine breakdown maintenance,

Electronics Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2010

Provided technical support to customers through the analysis of system performance and
Interface design, definition, and assessrnent of critical Issues, independent evaluation of flight
and ground systern performance, and system requirements analysis.

Provided technical support to the earth and space science progrars in the area of spacecraft
analysis, including mission and performance definition assessments.

Conducted systems studies to develop innovative concepts for space exploration and mission
architectures,

Conducted systems studies to develop innovative concepts for space exploration and mission
architectures,

Performed systems analyses to assess the technical merit of spacecraft and mission concepts.
Performed systems analyses to assess the technical merit of spacecraft and mission cancepts.
Successfully perforrned data and RF communications analysis of the interaction between the
lunar surface elements and comm/nayv confirming the frequency and. data requirements of user radios,

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines
