CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

ROBERT SMITH

General Manager/Operations Manager

Phone: (0123)456-789 | Emad: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
-------

17+ years of experience as an Operations Manager. Highly motivated and skilled operational
professional with organizational, negotiation and facility coordination skilis, A well-established
individual with long-term experience as an Operational Manager and Business Partner, including
company management and customer service.

CORE COMPETENCIES

New Business Development, Inventory Management, Negotiation, Strategic Planning, Sales Management, Microsoft Office.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

General Manager/Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - July 2003 - Present

sia Deliverables:
Responsible tor full-time management of 24/7 business troubleshooting and diagnosing.
high-end beverage equipment

- Aprimary point of contact for all employees and franchise subcontractors

® Working from the companys inception ina garage and built it to present day success with
500 accounts and revenue of $2-3 million for the past eight years:

» Directing twelve employees and dispatch technical staff to maintain energy management
systems (EMS) and service equipment for 300 franchise subcontractors for the running, maintenance and replacement of restaurant and beverage equipment,

- Responsible for vehicie tracking and phone tracking for quality assurance.

- Scheduling jobs; approve work orders, ensure proper inventory levels within a team framework,

- Running and managing warehouse tracking inventory and inventory omer with a monthly Quickbooks report,

Technician
ABC Corporation - May 2002 - June 2003

Key! Deliverables:

Action bullet resistant are specialists in fabricating bullet resistant windows and doors, blast
resistant windows and doors, and also non-bullet resistant storefronts and architectural metal systems.

- The company sets the standard for the design & amp: fabrication of bullet-resistant aluminum secunty storetronts and transactional counter systems.

- Estimated:specitic cost areas including installation, maintenance, and warranty,

- Designed replacement giass utilizing wel saws, glass cutters and sanders.

- Advised clients about glasses losses and provided options for quick and effective replacement.

- - - - ee ee
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420 ‘0 This Eree Resume Template ts ihe copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
