Robert Smith hore Sasbibae

Email: info@qwikresurme.com.

Revenue Accountant Website : www, qwikresume, com

Linkedin: linkedin, corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Revenue Accountant Ii/Ill with 8 years of experience is seeking to obtain a challenging and
rewarding position that will utilize my finance and accounting abilities.

SKILLS
------

Forex Management, Forecasting, Budgeting And Projections, Financial Statements Analysis,
Treasury And Corporate Finance Functions, Financial Modeling, Analytical, Project Accounting,
Fluent In MS Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Excellent Communication, SAP Fl Module

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Revenue Accountant
Devon Energy - March 2012 - Present

Analyzing revenue on over 1.5 million barrels of oll including analysis on special lease provisions, a division of interest, as well as complex manual journal entries on account
reconciliations.
Selected by the Management to assist in the transition of all spring revenue accounting
operations to Oklahoma city during Ol and.Q2 of 2016,
Assisting In the implementation of SAP, and the conversion frorn the AS400 systern in 2012,
Developing a career path document for the first seven accounting roles, and developing
targeted training bundles for each accounting level to improve the ernployee knowledge base
and training through targeted development specific to the employees level of operation within
Devon, presented to all Anancial and operations accounting VPs, Directors, Managers, and Supervisors, distributed to all accountants within Devon,
Wrote procedures published to all revenue accounting groups and division orders for
processes in SAP for updated pay decks, transfers, reverse/rebooks, flare gas, DCP database,
gas lift, and volurné deficiencies, Training new team members and helping facilitate the intern training and management

ESS.
Compleig the several IDPs working on leadership development and employee management Strategies,

Revenue Committee Chairman
Council Of Petroleurn Accountants Societies - Septernber 2010 - August 2012

Maintained, verified and posted transactions into different types of accounting software.
Reconciled the financial reports, such as balance sheet and profit and loss statements.
Entered checks, invoices, bills into the clients&rsquo; QuickBooks files either in-house or
onsite.

Contacted clients regarding Accounting matters.

Participated in planning, development, organization, evaluation, and implementation of the
clients&rsquo; bookkeeping needs.

Assisted in the closing of various company books daily, weekly, monthly and/or quarterly, Accountable for investigations of discrepancies between general ledger arnounts and bank
staternents.

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resime Tempimte ls the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guilctelines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.