Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; InfoG@awikresume,cor

HR Generalist Website : wornw.quikresume,com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Extensive background in HR Generalist affairs, Including experience in benefit and payroll
administration, employee recrultrnent, staff training & development. Follow legal regulatory
compliances and reporting. Demonstrated success in employee verifications, orientation and on-
boarding and off-boarding cornpany procedures,

SKILLS
------

Management, Recruiting, Cornpensation, On-boarding, Generalist, Benefits, Payroll

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

HR Generalist
ABC Corporation - August 2013 - Present

Investigate and respond to employee issues such as complaints, harassment allegations, and
civil son complaints with the assistance of the human resources rnanager and general counsel,

Develop hurnan resources solutions by collecting and analyzing inforrnation, coordinating where necessary with general counsel and recommending the appropriate course of action.
Recruited by the previous supervisor to help establish a defined and competent corporate hr
department within a recently founded company, guiding the startup and management of a full
spectrum of hr operations, systems, and prograrns.

Recruited to develop a formal, fulkscale recruiting prograrn for all us operations and locations.
Assisted with project implementation of a total rewards prograrn and introduction and implernentation of a lean organization.

Resolved ernployee relations issues in local locations through Investigations, reporting, and
effective coaching,

Assisted In monitoring the absenteeism program and issuing progressive discipline.

HR Coordinator
ABC Corporation - August 2012 - August 2013

Tracked learning and development metrics, aggregated data for workforce analytics and managed vendor relationships.

Contributed to the career framework project to determine job descriptions, titles, levels,
cornpetencies and career paths of all ernployees.

Calibrated the performance management reviews to ensure that they were specific, measurable, attainable, realistic, and time-bound,

This included determining if the manager reviews adequately supported their rating and to flag any cornpliance issues.

Assisted benefits team with mailings and inquiries related to 401(k), medical, pension, and
other benefits.

Provided ongoing development of an e-learning and ims role out plan with project plans, training materials, and a marketing/cornmunications plan.

This also included helping to determine the need requirements of an ims for the organization
and course selection,

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.