Lakisha Washington

Business Analysis Consultant

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
-------

Project Consultant / Businoss Analyst with over 8 yaars of entorpeise |ovel experience including
extensive work in call center environments. Acted a liaison between technology and business
partners to communicate needs and requirements, Responsible for proactive Monitoring of and-to-
end processes for the entire Contact Center environment.

Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Marketing Research, Report Writing, Procoss Improvement,
Gap Analysis, Projact Management, Data Visualization, Cliont Loyalty, Research Panal Management, Online Surveys, Vendor Management, Website Development, Excel, Tableau,
Sparq, SPSS, Visio, SOL, JIRA

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Business Analysis Consultant
Wells Fargo (Contractor) - May 2015 - Present

Key Deliverables:

- Actsas-a liaison between client area and technical organization by planning, conducting and directing the analysis of complex business strategies and enhancements to ba solved with existing and new contact center technologies,

- Work with business contacts to define and document business and functional requirements for contact canter cti solutions.

= Utilize Knowledge of genesys cti, ivr, nice call recording, avaya.-and cisco Icrn platforms to
shepherd projects through the development life-cycle.

= Work closely with development, quality assurance and production support, managing sdic touch points between all groups.

- Additional responsibilities include cost analysis, vendor management, capacity planning, resource utilization, coordination of user acceptance testing and comprehensive documentation tor project deliverables and status reporting.

= Thorough understanding of contact center disciplines, industry trends, business drivers and
benofits of contact canter technology and the ability to communicate theses to applicable partners and leaders.

- Kriowledge of business analysis and project management methodologios as well as genesys.Responsibls for continuous workflow management, process haalth, business governance, forecasting analysis and accomplishment status reporting.

AVP, Operations Project Consultant
Bank Of America - July 2011 - November 2014

Key Deliverables:
- Gathered and Gocument business and functional requirements for contact center cti solutions.

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
