A 22 Street Rd.
John Smith city, state 00000
Phone: (222) 222-2222

Email: email@address.com

MULTI-FAMILY CONSTRUCTION SITE SUPE!

Offering more than 10 years of experience in the home building construction industry, with more than 5 years of

experience as a multi-family construction site baa robe Experience includes safety and quality control,
Responsible for directing, scheduling and subcontractors. Proficient at applying for and nee 4
necessary permits. Extemive knowlege i in iran building, electrical, ing and gas codes. Adept

at writing project plans, reports, and documentation, Proven record of success completing projects on time and
under budget. Specialy in concrete work and grading.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE AND CORE STRENGTHS

Concrete Grading

Dry Wall Instaltation

Power Toot Maintenance

Truck and Equipment Maintenance Demolition, On-Site Experience Plumbing. On-Site Experience

. + qeaiees one Assessing Blueprints

nagement

Scheduling and Coordinating Subcontractors Quality owes and Control

- Time Management

- Knowledge in Permits and Codes

CAREER HISTORY MacMillan Construction, Turner Valley, AB
Construction Site Cons: and Acting General Contractor... Nov. 2009-Present

Supervising and managing all activities of Calgary's inner city home construction project sites with carpenters,
electricians, plumbers and concrete finishers, Most recently completed house valued at $2.7 million, and current
work on duplexes, estimated at $60,000 per side.

- Hired and supervised subcontractors as needed, scheduled inspectors, worked effectively within strict budgets, and drove productivity.
- Ensure compliance with local building codes, permit requirements, and safety regulations.

Trico Homes, C: AB
Site Supervisor... Feb. 2007-Oct. 2009

Supervised a 64-unit multi-family town homes construction site, worth $70 million, in Cochrane, AB.

- Directed, coordinated and scheduled activities of 40 to 50 construction trade workers.

- Conferred with staff and workers to ensure Production and personnel problems were resolved promptly.

- Examined and inspected work progress, equipment and construction sites to verify safety and ensure that specifications were to standards.

- Adept at reading specifications, such as blueprints and data, to determine construction requirements.

Calvanna Developments, Calgary, AB
Site Superintendent,..Jan, 2005-Jan, 2007

Supervised a $37-million. 144-unit multi-family site Lar reoreytah in Okotoks, AB. Also supervised tw
concurrent multi-family site projects in Canmore, AB: a 2 building complex, worth $200 piliecied
60-unit town homes site, worth $40 million.

- Studied job ‘fications, such as bl ints ard data, to plan and approve construction of project,
- Planned, paced, and directed activites concerned with construction and maintenance of structures, facilities, and systems.

Scheduled and dispatched workers to construction sites, pertaining to specified tasks.

Inspected and reviewed construction work and repair projects to ensure work conforms to specifications.
Formulated reports ricerca such areas as work progress, costs, |. and scheduling,

Ensured compliance with | building codes, permit requirements safety regulations.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).