ROBERT SMITH Associate Member Advocate

Phone: {0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

To obtain a position in an organization where skills and abilities are put to the challenge,
Management, Organizing.

Associate Member Advocate
HMO - October 2012 - 2020

Key Deliverables:

Performs as an advocate on behalf of the Childrens Community Health Plan members.

Facilitates the timely provision of Badger care plus benefits to CCHP members.
Ensures access to all medically necessary services for CCHP members Make recommendations to CCHP management regarding any changes that were needed
to IMprove BeCcESss.

Coordinates professional development workshops to increase staff knowlege of community needs,

Fosters and develops community partner relationships and networks Attend various community events and meetings in onder to represent CCHP and train
staf! and members Complete case management for members as needed:
Participates in community projects as a partner, representing CCHP Implement best practices and procedures: assist with creation of literature for members.
Creates PowerPoint presentation for Childrens Community Health plan for an overview of programs and services.

Member Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2012

Key Deliverables:

Assist insurance members (customers) in finding appropriate physicians for specific medical issues. in and out of insurance network.

Entails calling multiple medical, dental and mental health provider offices on a daily basis,

Also assist in answering various other questions, including preauthorizations and eligibility.

Also facilitate intemal phone transfers to and working with other company departments to help members.

As a member advocate, | served at the front line of the credit union, assisting members with simple transactions such as deposits, withdrawals, money

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
- This Waee Resume Template is the copy ight of Quikresume.com, Usage Guidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Community College of Denver