Justin Marsh

HEAD OF SALES

CONTACT
-------

SUMMARY
-------

info@resumekraft.com
202-555-0120

Chicago, Illinois, US
linkedin.com/resumekraft

Over 15 years of experience in sales and key account management for high profile online travel and e-commerce
companies.

Results driven sales and key account management leader generating millions of dollars in revenue and maximizing profitability for industry
leading companies. Drives and implements strategies across multiple roles in the technology, media, and travel industry. Matrix collaboration

Areas of expertise

with product, engineering, operations, finance, marketing and legal. Tourism & Online SEeBeBn

Driven achiever known for building, motivating, and leading powerful Travel

= Sales Leadership Saas Key Account Seaa

Professional Experience Management

Group Head of Sales een Sa eES

Accenture Jan 2017 - Present _

- Manage and grow high performance Sales & Key Account Team Building sean Management Team of Meta Search and Digital Advertising Programs. Team Management Seas

- Responsible for biggest global client portfolio, including global OTA Strategic Planning Beau ea accounts such as Booking.com, Hotels.com, as well as regional aikek Reeenret SeBaen8 EMEA OTA accounts and tour operators.

- Devise solutions based selling balanced approach to what is right for Business Analysis Seeee the client and the business. Develop new products in cooperation Organic Gardening Seaea with international cross-functional teams (product, engineering, Permaculture BBB analytics/data science, operations, legal, finance).

- Planned and executed, as key member of selected team, sales
reorganization involving 300+ employees (2019). Languages

Senior Manager, Key Accounts English SEBa88
JK Solutions Ju/ 2010 - Dec 2016 French Bauae8

- Managed global key account and biggest book of business for Meta Arabic see Search Programs at TripAdvisor with more than $300m annual revenue and double-digit growth YoY. German see

- Worked closely with cross-functional teams (product, analytics, data science, engineering, finance, marketing and legal) to develop Hobbies

optimization strategies, new products and solutions for my client.
- Monitored and advised client on market and competitor movement.

Senior Client Marketing Manager

WooCommerce Apr 2008 - Jul 2010

Digital River offers SaaS commerce, payments and digital marketing services. They are the leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-
Service solutions, supporting a best-in-class shopper experience across all devices and complete order management.

- Managed and developed the online business for key accounts in the software and consumer electronic industry. Delivered 43% YoY revenue growth and client satisfaction score of 95%.

- Worked with SEO, SEM, Affiliate, Email Marketing teams to drive

Organic Gardening & Permaculture

Running

Hiking & Mountain Biking

Travelling


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.