KATHY SMITH

Personal

fe Address 71 Cherry Court, Cox Row Southampton SOS3 5PD

\ Phone number
0100 234 5000

Email
example@cvmaker.uk

SKILLS
------

Microsoft Word CRM eceoeee Microsoft Excel ecco Creativity / Patience eee Effective listening eeoeee
Clear communication eeeeo Adaptability eeee ecco

Passionate and detail-oriented certified teaching candidate seeking the right opportunity to
share my enthusiasm for educating young people. Two-years of teaching experience, a
strong work ethic infused with exceptional patience, conflict resolution, multiple learning
methods, organization, and communication skills. Strong background with mathematics,
science, English, geography, and other social sciences. Dedication to creating a nurturing
learning environment, while inspiring children to strive for excellence and exceed their educational personal life goals.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Teaching Internship Jul 2020- Present Hampshire Elementary School

Responsible for educational lesson planning and online instructional courses during global
pandemic for 6th grade students in Southhampton, UK. Daily duties include -

General education lesson planning for a diverse group of students.

Taught English, Math, Science, Geography, History, and Physical Education.
Quiz and test writing, grading, and feedback to students.

Creating a positive learning environment.

Stimulated conversation and interaction with students.

Preparing daily, weekly, and monthly progress reports.

- Scheduled parent / teacher meetings.

- Grading of homework assignments.

- Planned off-site educational field trips.

- Individual tutoring and mentoring students.

Early Education Assistant Oct 2018- Jul 2020 Hampshire Early Learning Center

Part of an exceptional team of early education assistants who supervised 4 and 5 year old children. Duties included -

- Supervising and interacting with children.

- Collaborated with educators to create educational exercises.

Engaged with students, parents, and other team members.

Helped organize activities - both onsite and abroad.

Served breakfast, lunch and snacks to children,

Monitored students and inspired them to stay focused on tasks,

Worked with students to develop interpersonal skills.

Taught teamwork and conflict resolution.

Summer Camp Counselor May 2017-Sept 2017 Southampton Summer Camp

Member of Southampton's Summer Camp staff for children ages 8 through 12. Combined duties include -

- Ordering and keeping track of inventory of camp supplies.

- Supervising students during camp hours.

Cleaning up camp facility before, during, and after camp hours.
Attended field trips and supervised students.

Maintained a safe environment for students.

Collaborated with fellow counselors on activity planning.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Conversational English; English as a second language.