Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road, S Alabama
Apparel Designer (123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT Highly creative, goal oriented and disciplined Individual, shaped by years of SKILLS

experience as an entrepreneur focused on perfection, Decisive, Autocad, Revit, Goagle individualized thinker who enjoys being challenged with new and diverse Sketchup, Adobe
tasks, Create conceptual design sketches which convey body, styling, fit Creative Suite, Microsoft

intent, fabrics, trims and colors, Executing the desian and developrnent of

product based on creative direction, product brief and line plan. Office Suite, Hand

Rendering, Sketching.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Appare! Designer LANGUAGES
ABC Corporation- January 2013 - January 2013 English (Native) Re sponsibilities: Ascii fendecaselned
= Designed mens technical outerwear, softshell, woven shirts, and swimwear Helped design launch of full collection in all categories for
Wornens Line . INTERESTS = Developed the apparel collection. Climbing = Printed and researched current trends, presented concept boards to Snowboarding
design director/ owner each season Managed all. Cooking
- Worked knowledge and understanding of apparel construction, Reading = Developed design concepts and solutions based on creative briefs and clients&rsquo; business strategy,
- Executed and produced design cornmunications for diverse media REFERENCES (print, web, packaging) with a focus on the craft of design.
- Assisted in creation of presentation/workshop documents and tools, esa so eSB, Reference - 2 (Company Apparel! Designer Name)
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2013 Responsibilities:

= Private label apparel designer for Billabong, RVCA, Tillys and other action sports brands Setting tone for color and design including; woven
tops, .

- Managing merchandise boards, colors and modifying sketches for mens snow, surf and accessories lines Created merchandising boards for line

= Bringing cohesive design ideas to concept threw seasonal research of color and styles Coordinated with development, marketing and creative
director .

= Apparel designer for button down woven, polo and bottorns Creating design and graphics for mens golf assortment Collected inspiration and
color for ,

= Designed and modified photoshop prints for fabric production and development including repeat pattems Created line lists and color way
boards for .

= Design research in launching first LRG womens brand Developed trim, art patterns, color options and presentations for womens launch Excel
tech ,

- Flat sketch designs from concept to protos, working with design team Working on merchandising boards and boards for buyers and factories
- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Gukielines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.