Maria Garcia
Sometown, IL 55555 = Phone: 555-555-5555 = f@somedomain.com = LinkedIn URL

Insurance Sales Professional

Entrepreneurial DEF Insurance agent with a history of surpassing customer and employer expactations.

Leverage consultativesales strengths to nurture relationships and close deals. Comprehensive knowledge of
Specialaes:

Retirement plans: IRA (Traditional and Roth), 401(k), Solo 401k), 403(0)

Education plans: 529 plans, Coverdell Education Savings Accounts

Long-term-care and estate planning

444

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

ABC AGENCY / DEF INSURANCE « Sometown, IL

Insurance and Financial Services Agent, 3/2013 to Present Agency Intern, 9/2012 to 3/2013

‘Manage all phases of the sales cycle - from prospacting to close and follow-up support. Represent a full line of

- Drove a 15% revenue increase in FY2016, outperforming “high-each” sales targets every quarter.

- Increased referral business by 27% in 2016. Initiated an aggressive campaign of cold-calling, offering teferral incentives and participating in networking events.

- Esmed awards for excellent sales performance, including Legion of Honor and Bronze Star awards.

- Met and frequently exceadad the financial objectives of represented clients. Assessad risk tolerance and investment/risk-management goals to recommend solutions optimally suited to client neads.

- Provided sound financial, insurance and wealth-mamagzement services to protect and grow client assets.

ABC RETAIL COMPANY « Sometown, IL

Sales Representative, 10/2010 to 6/2012

Served a: a department store sales rep while attending college Excellad within service-oriented industry.

Education & Training

ABC UNIVERSITY « Sometown, IL Bachelor of Science, Msjor: Business Manazement Minor: Marketing

Designations: FINRA Serie: 6 and 63; FINRA Broker‘Agent; Life and Health; Illinois Long-Term Care (LTC)
and Property & Casualty (P&C) licenses; Financial Services Certified Professional (FSCP)

Recent Training: Long-tem care, estate planning and retirement

"...Carla has that rare combination of drive, industry lnowledge and interpersonal skills.
She is a rising star at our company...” - Jordan Yu, Supervisor

”...Caria was incredibly heipfil when my husband and I switched our insurance provider to
