Jamal Jackson

JOHN M. SAMPLE 123 MainStreet * Town, CA TSN 685.

Cells S55-855-0108
Ph: 555-555.6776
Resume@email.com

FITNESS TRAINING AND MANAGEMENT CAREER PROFILE

Severat Years of Experience tn Fituess Management and Personal Fitness Training

Results-focused, quality-driven professional with extensive experience in health club management business
administration and personal fitness training, demonstrating, consistent achievement of abjectives, strang mullti-
tasking and service skills, and dedication to organizational goals

Advanced presentation and relationship development abilities, with track record of success improving, sales anct
policies/ procedures to ensure profit turnarounds

Core Knowledge & Skill Areas:

# Client Relationships # Talent Acquisition & Training = - “Fast-Paced Environment
- Hi # Revenue Growth ¢ Marketing/ Promotions # Program Development + Payroll Processi + Personal Fitness Training,

RELEVANT WORLD HEALTH CLUB October 2002 ~ Present EXPERIENCE FITNESS MANAGER - KENSINGTON

Recruited, pre-screened, and interviewed qualified candidates for open positions, placed
qualified candidates on assignment. Held full responsibility: for accounting, finance, and
budget operations, Created promotional materials to advertise organization and promote growth, Maintained personal mpport and win-win relationships with vendors, members,
and customers, Selected Accomptishinests:

@ Decreased employee turnover by 20% during first quarter, increased Gill rate to 100% in addition to cutting fill time from 5 days to 2 days.

- Problem-solved employee issues related to attendance, lardies, performance, attitude, and production. Worked with the enyployce to resolve issues of conflicts and increase productivity while decreasing absentecs and tardies,

PERSONAL FITNESS TRAINER « SOUTIECLUB

Recruited and pre-screened qualified candidates for open positions, evaluated benefits and
insurance plans, and managed payroll, taxes, and contributions. Hekd full responsibility for
accounting, finance, and budget operations. Created promational materials to advertise organization and promote growth. Maintained personal rapport and win-win relationships
with vendors, members, and customers, Selected Accomplistunents:

@ = Improved accounting and budgeting practices to save time/mancy, renegotiated vendor contracts to lower expenses, and revived human resources policies and procedures to
increase efficiency and relevancy.

- Managed annual budget of SHO0K, evaluated benefits and insurance policies regularly, made recommendations to the Corporate Officer’s/Board of Trustees regarding employee issues, HR policies and procedures, and organizational finances,

oo Condinned,..
