JACKIE WILSON

16 Oceanview Drive ~ Miami, Ploride K3101

305-555-1212 jackie wa sports.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Skilled Professional experienced in health, athletic, and customer service environments, Educated in human
Physiology, drug management issues, and patient care. Proven record in team motivation, Dedicated to meeting
and exceeding deadlines in fast-paced environments. Experienced in effective marketing, influential sales
techniques, and in managing multiple tasks concurrently. Weil versed in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF THE EAST COAST, Miami, Florida

Bachelor of Science — Health and Wellness, 2002

© Program emphasis on /usinexs, public health, nutrition, kinesiology, and life sciences.

© Key courses: Chemistry, Biochemistry, Anatonry, Physiology, Biology, and Microbiology.
« Contified as Emergency Medical Technician - Basic,

HONORS

Scholastic
* University of the East Coast - Big Ten Conference Academic All-American — Varsity Volleyball *
* University of the East Coast - Scholar Athlete ~ Varsity Volleyball *
* University of the East Coast - Most Improved Instructor Award — Aerobics *

Leadership and Affiliations
* University of the East Coast - Council Member for Women’s Athletics Team *
* Fellowship of Athletes Leadership Team Member *
* Directed inner-city youth sports clinics *
* Organized and taught reading programs for under-resourced K-8th grade youth *
* Launched and coordinated community service activities for collegiate volleyball team *

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UNIVERSITY OF THE EAST COAST RECREATIONAL CENTER, Miami, Florida 2001 - Present
Aerobics Instructor

« Doubled aerobics class attenchunce by developing and effectively marketing health and exercise programs.

« Evaluated work performance of subordinate aerobics instructors.

THE STEAK RESTAURANT, Miami Florida 1999 - 2002
Hostess

* Provided high-quality, friendly customer service, which helped increase repeat customer business.
SPORTSSSS.COM, Miami, Florida Summer 2000
Salex Representative

¢ Increased local sales 40% in three months by building a strong customer relationship ant effectively
communicating advertisement program benetits to prospective clients.

« Effectively promoted classified advertisements via telemarketing program.

COAST HEALTH CARE, Miami, Florida Summer 2000

Intern

« Provided managerial and health-care staff support for ekderly and mental bealth patients.