Senior Network Security Engineer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwilcres ume.con:
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH ‘Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Lead Engineer with 20+ years experience in the following concentrations; Networks: Routers,
switches, data center infrastructure, VPN, volec, enterprise management, wireless. Security:
Firewalls, DMZs, intrusion detection/prevention, content filtering, pki, encryption, controls.
Systems: UNIX/Linux, enterprise tools, virtualization, clustering, cloud, scripting, autemation,

Linux, Networking.

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Senior Network Security Engineer III

ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2012

Designed complex Check Point firewall architectures (127 firewall devices}, including
configurations, policy implementation, image and package upgrades, as well as multiple new
builds to support secure application flows for EMS, DMS, and OMS.

Upgraded existing Check Point appliances, and Nokia firewalls, from R65 to R70.

Upgraded Nokia platforms from IPSO 4.2 to 6.2.

Planned and engineered new network infrastructure of Cisco Routers, and switches, including
hundreds of VLANs across multiple geographically dispersed data-centers Lo support extensive
application architecture.

Analyzed application flows to determine firewall policy.

Built IPSEC VPNs between primary and DR sites to support development and testing.
Interacted with 1S and business groups to develop network security related solutions to solve
situation specific problems.

Senior Network Security Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2005 - 2010

Responsibility to the Enterprise Platform Architecture Group of ACS.

Evaluated over 350 devices of network and security infrastructure of pew acquisitions by ACS.
Provided recommendations for improvements to architecture, performance, and security to management.

Applied configuration best practice framework to firewall and VPN stateful {all-over systems.
Produced detailed layer 2, and 3 Visio diagrams, and detailed reports of findings.

Lead Network Security Engineer for Medironic Global Business Solutions Provide 24X7 Tier 3
support of entire network and security infrastructure .

Lead Network Engineer for MPC Minnesota consulting office Responsible for design and installation of LAN/WAN, Security, Wireless, and VoIP solutions ,

EDUCATION
---------

AS in Electrical Engineering Technology - (Berleshire College - Pittsfield. MA)

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Conversational English; English as a second language.