CONTACT

First Last

Entry-Level Mechanical Engineer - Boston, MA (Open to Remote)

- +1-234-456-789

Entry-level mechanical engineer with 10 years of experience in prototyping, production, and - email@resumeworded.com
manufacturing ranging from small one-off assemblies to full-scale production. Skilled in - linkedin.com/in/username
taking projects from concept to completion and complying with safety and regulatory - github.com/resumeworded

standards. Key achievement: Restored 25 faulty components in the company's HVAC
systems, resulting in a 68% decline in energy consumption.

SKILLS
WORK EXPERIENCE
Technical Skills:
Entry-Level Mechanical Engineer November 2015 — Present = sein Ulan AGU)
Resume Worded, New York, NY Resting He ssneicee)
- Machining
e Assisted in deploying RW's CRM to conduct a survey on 1.2K clients, - Perl
timelines, and service deliveries, boosting on-time delivery by 53%. - Manufacturing
e Conceived and implemented 7 new digital filing systems, lessening
the completion time for project documentation by 72%. Techniques:
e Handled the programming of mechanical equipment installations, * Engineering Management

- Engineering Design

improving the installation process by 21% over 17 weeks.
- Artificial Intelligence

e Awarded rookie engineer of the week in the first month of service and

team engineer of the quarter for 3 quarters in a row.
Tools and Software:

- Microsoft SharePoint

- Microsoft Dynamics

- Teradata Database

- Oracle's Primavera P6 EPPM
- Puppet

Engineering Intern June 2013 — October 2015
Growthsi, San Francisco, CA

e Maintained 967 equipment, tools, vehicles, and systems, guaranteeing
proper functionality under the designated maintenance schedule.

e Restored 25 faulty components in the company's HVAC systems,
resulting in a 68% decline in energy consumption.

e Conducted 230 preventive maintenance duties such as adjusting
mechanical parts and cleaning or replacing filters, improving the flow
of air through the system by 95%.

e Responded to 1.7K service requests and tasks such as preventative
maintenance, assessment of roofing, custodial work, HVAC, furnace, EDUCATION
and electrical systems.

- Don't forget to use Resume
Worded to scan your resume
before you send it off (it’s free and
proven to get you more jobs)

Fesriteeil . Resume Worded University
Graduate Mechanical Engineer June 2010 — May 2013 Bachelor of Engineering

Resume Worded's Exciting Company, New York, NY Mechanical Engineering

e Designed a prototype wind power generator with an attached paste, Mee Weyei

propeller that yielded 300 watts of energy at 80mph air velocity. Awards) Resume Worled Teaching
e Engineered a retrofit converter for a conventional diesel engine that TaOnOe : aoe au (oeless). Bealls
ran on 100% recycled vegetable oil, promoed to an engineering intern. ° ee
e Refined the system of improving the electrical efficiency of OTHER
automobile engines to <61% fuel consumption via software programs

WILD ror 2 HeSKiop Pe a - Engineer in Training Certification
e Assisted in conceiving and building a computerized inventory control (EIT)

system to manage 2.1K parts, - Certified Quality Engineer (CQE)..
- Certified Systems Engineering
Professional (CSEP).