AREAS OF EXPERTISE Closing sales

Brand management Markering

Territory management Account management Work scheduling

Presentations

PROFESSIONAL

City & Guilds International Vocational Qualification (1VQ) in Sales and Marketing

PERSONAL SKILLS Task prioritizotion Time management Negotiating

Decision making Influencing skills

Presentable & articulate

Jane Smith

Sales representative resume PERSONAL SUMMARY

A confident, natural and driven sales person who is interested in working for company's who are market leaders in their respective fields, Possessing clear
evidence of achievement in areas such as lead generation, sales and niche markets, Jane is an exceptional persoa who is willing to go that extra mile to deliver superb
results. She is able to unlock volume, availability, space & promotional opportunities through building effective & collaborative business relationships with
existing limits by following up new leads or referrals fully, Presently looking to join a company where success is rewarded & internal succession is given priority.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Insurance Company - Coventry
SALES REPRESENTATIVE June 2010 - Present

Working closely with the sales management team and marketing staff to initiate marketing strategies that support the sales objectives of the company. Always
representing the company professionally, ethnically and morally at ail times.
Duties:

- Identifying and maximising revenue from existing customer accounts,

- Maintaining high levels of product and customer knowledge and participating in training programmes as appropriate.

‘Submitting detailed proposals and quotations to customers.

Providing regular and accurate sales forecast updates to Senior Managers.
Preparing and delivering sales presentations.
Identifying. contacting and qualifying leads,

Attending sales conferences and industry marketing events.

- Aligning selling prices with company guidelines.

- Travelling to the homes and offices of pocential clients for appointments.

- Developing customised territory plans.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

- Can easily settle in to any role & take over the management of an existing client base.
- Conducting accurate market research,

- Able to keep up a continuous high rate of cold calling potential custamers.

- Evaluating marketing campaigns.

- Able to build relationships with customers.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).