CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

Granger Fisher
159 Evergreen Ln. Cell: $55.322 7337
Memphis, TN 38018 example-emaligpexampie. com

SUMMARY
-------
Dedicated Civé Engineer skilled in all phases of engineering operations. Consistently finishes projects under budget
and ahead of schedule, Forward-thinking professional tamiar with all aspects of construction and commercial and
residential planning. Advocates for sustainabie infrastructure and green cty-ptanning. Committed to designing
ervironmentally-conscous and cost-effective public infrastructure soksions.

HIGHLIGHTS
----------

- Project management * Erosion and sedimentation contol
- © Operational analysis © Land development planning
- Technical plan exea.ton © Strong technical apttude
- Water piping design © Complex problem solver
- © =Materiais managemert © Critical thinker

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
Senior Civil Engineer 12011 - Current Nelson Land Development Memphis, TN
Mentor and train junice engineers on design of piping systems and secimentaton control processes.
Plan and direct the execution of technical, economical, and administrative functions, of various projects.

Oversee technical engineering statf to quarantee the successful completion of the project.
Winte day detaled reports logging work progress for quality assurance purposes.
White daily detailed reports logging work progress for quality assurance purposes,

Civil Engineer 1072005 - 1272010 Public Works Department, City of Memphis Memphis, TN
Tested sod to determine the adequacy and strength of concrete, asphait and steel foundations.
Computed load and grade requirements and material stress factors to Getermine Gesign specications.
Implemented compiex design software and drawing to's to plan and design transportation systems,
Collaborated with contractors and chenits as the on-site engineer for several large pubic projects.
Aided other departments in development of plans and cost estimates on road, parking lot, and drainage projects.
Created detailed public reports regarding bid proposals, deeds, and exvronmental impact statements.
Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.
Produced and issued prease technical specifications and data sheets,

EDUCATION
---------
Bachelor of Science: University of Tennessee - Civil Engineering 205

Memphis, TN Reapient of Arthur Mechaels Scholarship

Affiliations
American Soctty of Civd Engineers, Member 2007-Present

Licenses

TECHNICAL SKILLS
---------------- ARoCAD, Covl 3D, MATMAN, HYSYS. SANSYS, WATSYS, KYPIPE, Microsoft Ottice Sute
