JANE MOORE

## # Street, Oty, State Dp Code
Mobile: +888. 123.4567 ¢ Email:

OFFICE MANAGER PROJECT MANAGEMENT | CUSTOMER RELATIONS | GENERAL/OFFICE ADMINISTRATION

Dedicated office manager with 20 years of experience in office administration, executive support, project
coordination, accounting support, customer serwoe and human resources, Proven track-record of exceedng
expectations with high productiwty and quality standards. Effective communicator with strong interpersonal and
relationship managemert skills.

SKILLS & COMPETENCIES

Gereral/Office Administration Quality and Safety Compliance Gient Relationship Building Projects Administration

Records Management HR and Training Support Scheduling and Coordination Cross-functional Team Cailaboraton
Inventory/Stock Contra Reports Preparation and Filing

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Office Manager Standard Mutual Group Ltd., NZ

Oversee office administration to ensure operations run smoothly.

Provide exequtive assistance to 3 drectors in a variety of functiors.

Carry out office-related tasks, inducing purchasing office supplies, maintaining sales materials, answering
phone calls, greeting dients, and updating electroric filing systems.

Handle salary and contractor payments, staff bonuses, employee inductions/terminations and staff
monitoring.

Maintain and update information on timesheets and invcices.

Administer company expenses by entering supplier invoices, gaining authorization to pay supplier invoices,
Updating payment detalls, and answering accounts payable/receivable,

Prepare and dsseminate management reports.

Handle assessment and streamiining of office general expenditures.

Office Manager Apr 2000-JU 2013 Police PMO Services, NZ

Assisted in handing New Zealand Police project management services,

Provided administration support to PMO Manager and Director as well as coordnating schedles and travel
arrangements,

Acted as liaison for all PMO services.

Reviewed and filed manuals, guidebooks and forms,


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.