Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; InfoS@awikresume,cor

Fitness Professional Website : wono.quikresuime, com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Seeks to obtain a professional position that will utilize leadership and motivational skills to build a
career that will develop and inspire organizations to better performance,

SKILLS
------

ACE Certified, OSHA.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Fitness Professional
ABC Corporation - February 2015 - June 2015

Explained exercise modifications and contraindicated movernents to participants with a history of Injury.

Explained the use of exercise equiprnent to all participants, prioritizing safety at all times.
Greeted all members in a professional and friendly manner,

Developed safe and effective exercise programs for all members.

Assessed individual progress and suggested appropriate changes.

Coach fitness boot camp classes,

Coach clients through small group personal training programs.

Fitness Professional
Delta Corporation - 2013 - 2015

Lead daily core-exercise and myofascial release classes Assisted club members with their training programs Lead dally core-exercise and myofascial .

Fitness consultations, fitness programs, train various clients with ailments, weight loss training, circult training, athletic training,

Fast start award Sold 1k in training first day on job.

Averaged 5k In revenue each manth.

Arn responsible for improving my clients overall health.

And making sure they are logging their meals and hitting goals i make fitness enjoyable and
achievable,

Give weekly lectures on healthy living topics like metabolism, osteoporosis, posture, balance,
nutrition basics, and stress managernent techniques,

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelors Of Science In Business Administration - (University Of Nebraska At Omaha - Omaha,
NE)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Gulde lings


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
University of Michigan