Tina McCarthy

324 River Run Road, Atlanta, GA 00000 ~ 555-555-5555 ~ tinamecarthy@gmail.com

HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER / DIRECTOR Global Business Savvy ~ Accomplished in all HR Functions ~ Technically Sophisticated

High-energy HR professional with almost 14 years of proven leadership fueling organizational effectiveness and delivering
undeniable results for companies and organizations of al! types and sizes: multi-site, multinational, start-up ventures,
turnarounds, small regional companies, mid-size, and large corporations. Key areas of contributions include:

Leacing change management and KR initiatives to drive greater profits and stronger competitive advantage
Envisioning and implementing fresh new ideas and proactive HR solutions to complex business challenges
Increasing competitive advantage by hiring, training, and retaining the “best and brightest” talent at all levels
Reengineering orocesses and leveraging technology to drive down HR delivery costs while improving effectiveness
Expanding companies globally and partnering with senior management to prope! strategic goals forward

Repeatedly delivered value to employers in excess of 10X salary as measured by efficiency savings, cost cuts, and bottom-line improvements.

PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Ellis and Main Management Healthcare Incorporated (Health care services company) 20XX - Present
HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT

Recruited to revitalize this 30-year-old company with fresh ideas and HR best practices designed to restart business growth,
optimize organizational effectiveness, and strengthen standing in a competitive market place. Masterminded and introduced
HR strategies, programs, initiatives, tools, and systems that have differentiated the company while raising the bar on client
satisfaction and coalescing 220 employees to work together under a unified mission and culture of continuous improvement.

CONTRIBUTIONS SNAPSHOT: KEY RESULTS:

Built multi-channel recruiting resources: Assessed company’s long and > Slashed recruiting costs 65% while
short-term goals then - cost-effective hiring solutions to propel concurrently bringing in new talent to
_Grive business growth. _

stiarigthenied aguas pettoriiieces Optimized compensation and Increased utilization of contracts 40%
interna! benefits and introduced company’s first system for measuring and {$500,000 gain in cash flow} and
tracking employee performance, including a highly motivating Gelivered 2-fold improvement in
performance-basec rewards scorecard. customer satisfaction.

Overhauled HR processes to optimize results; Reengineered fragmented Improved team morale and saved
HR processes, modified internal policies, and improved employee training. $125,000 through changes to training.

Azavedo, Inc. (Brand strategy consulting and design firm) 20XX - 20XX HUMAN RESOURCES DIRECTOR

Completely reorganized the KR office to support rapid business expansion, including stabilizing high employee turnover,
clearing extensive backlog of work, anc revamping outdated processes. In a dynamic, highly matrixec, international
organization with offices in the U.S., U.K., Dubai, and Hong Kong, managed 14 cirect reports and outsourcing relationships,
including business continuity and disaster recovery programs. Rolled out KR deliverables across all offices to 130 employees,
adopting culturally sensitive, country-specific models while ensuring consistency in company vision and goals.

CONTRIBUTIONS SNAPSHOT: KEY RESULTS:

Transformed HR into a valued business partner: Rejuvenated the KR > Achieved 100% perfect audit review
Gepartment, modernizing systems and revamping out-of-date processes just months after hire, ensuring
while integrating disparate business models and transitioning multinational complete compliance with federal
groups to follow a unified corporate philosophy. Coachec managers on and state laws, Sarbanes-Oxley
leadership topics and mapped staff accountability to performance. regulations, and company policy.

..Continued


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)