Robert Smith SONTACT. DETAILS

1737 Marsbhville Road, Alabama

Information Technology Technician IH (123)-456-7899
= Info@qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Seeking Custorner Service position, Help Desk, Inforrnation Desk, Valet, SKILLS Office Assistant, Office Manager, Administrative Assistant, Bookkeeper, Microsoft Office,
Teller, Shipping Assistant, or Information Technology position that includes Windows Deployrnent
assisting clients. Service.

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- LANGUAGES information Technology Technician I!
ABC Corporation- March 2005 - July 2006 English (Native) ractinte French (Professional) Re sponsibilities: Spanish (Professional)
= Maintained the internal company helpdesk and provided support to locations in Tennessee and Georgia,
- Configured servers, routers, and switches that were to be deployed INTERESTS throughout the organization. Climbing » Maintained the entire asset Inventory for all IT assets In the Snowboarding organization. Cooking
- Assisted with the installation of workstations, network infrastructure, Reading and servers across the organization.
- Created the organizations first asset database for tracking mobile handheld devices and printers, REFERENCES
- Configured and maintained Dell PowerEdge 2800 Series servers, Cisco Reference - 1 (Company
Pix 560E Firewall terrninals, Cisco 2800 Series T1 Routers and Cisco Name)
Catalyst 295 0 Switches. Reference - 2 (Company
- Installed and configured more than 100 of the facilitys Name)

workstations/laptops while providing IT support to all end users and executives to ensure efficient systern usage,

Information Technology Technician
Fluor Corporation - 2004 - 2005 Responsibilities:
= Provide extensive and successful direct IT support to all Fluor LOGCAP IV employees and clients,
= Strong client focus and genuine desire to assist, analytical skills, persistence, good cornmmunication skills, able to work as a part of the
team, patient and tolerant, aptitude for technical activities and methodical and disciplined approach to problem solving,
= Bullt data racks and install networking equipment Install and terminate fiber optical cable, CAT 5 and 6 data cable and patch panels
Programming of switches and routers and administration rights and privileges VOIP systems Able to create and interpret communication
drawing and schematic for cornmunication circuits expertise in building data network infrastructure.
= Troubleshoot and repair WAN and LAN networks Programming of (SCO switches and routers Diagnose computer problerns.
- Monitor computer processing systems. = Installed software and perform test on computer equipment and

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Gukielines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.