SARAH MELGRINI

A r1486-4394953 @ name@gnatcom % teimercom! NAME % Cincinnati, Cot

ommoce

Vice Prslant of Sales

Petrichgel "f0r8~ Ongoing. Crcinn OH

5s an antamation techeslogy company and the mators of . 2 Lervice that allows Gevelopers to bulld, deploy, sciie, and

‘tomate clows apptications at © one plettorm.
- Promated trom Director fo VP in 2005
- © Supervised 12 direct reports

- Source new product (reduced printing expenses by 60%, saving more

than $500,CCO/year in materia’ costs)

Vice President of Sales / Acting VP Marketing

Zognter 2017-2018 Cincinan, OH

Zagster is the fastest growing bike sharing company in the United States
- Oponed new cient accounts witin the frst 6 month performing

‘sales ot $600,000,

- Supervised regional sates teams (40-50 sates representatives)
- Increased Annual Revenues by 310% trom $17M to $52M

Vice President of Sales

Beainand Strategy 201-2017 Crema On Grainacd Strategy is 3 management consuting fem that provides
Strmegy, leadeeship and organizanonat ‘commalting and

‘Headquartered in Cartsbad, Caiternia, we have earned the trust of our

chents across all industrine Proushout the Unites States, Living our core

valuts of candor, pursuit of knowledge, exceeding customer

expectations and integrity, we are gratetyé to have experienced annual

Goutia-digt revenue growth throughout our existence.

- Cultivated overat consis trom 62% to 91.5% in bess than tt months

- Talent Acquisition - Hired 40+ Sales Extes and muttiche VP's across AMER

Vice President of Sales

EverQuote 2012-2016 Creinnan On

EverQuote is 3 quantitative internet marketing firm focused on applying:
‘sophisticated matnematics and enterprise class technology t our partner's onine customer acquisition programs. Our proprietary,
mathemabeaiy droves mh-channet campaign management and optimization platform delivers the hgh quakty, scalable connections to
consumers companies need to thesve today. EverQuote operates the

Based in Cambridge the company is cna of the fastest growing technology firms in Camibricige & Boston history. EverQuote has deep
Toots in proprietary SEM, anatytics, Email ang Deigtay technologies,

- Achieved top line revenue of $5 milice before mobile operator stat

own of carrier biting services,

- Managed 40+ person organization lowering turnover to «10%
- Signtbcaeroy increased sales margin trom 50% to 81%

- Company purchased for 18 maton in 1995

ACHE VEMENTS, T S33MARR creation All early stage product market tx ceierited

a Making gow more transparent Reduces waste, grott, and bad decitices

@ 1070 ARR clients acquired Legacy of customer atetine value

STRENGTHS # hoivet

Practical concrete thinker

- Strutator

Host of otter people's emotions @ Toacher

Looks to Uvesth people's potentiat

Lands, French Advanced Russian Aavarces:

cenTmcation

‘Sex Sigena Black Belt,

Maragrsnart and Strategy invttuee

Insurance 215 License

Flonda Dest of Meieance

Formal Creat Training Bear

soustiy COUNTS

Sates Development ee

Customer Satvice

- -

Pomnedty CX? Enhanew


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)