and 3 and versatile - able:
poised and professional, with an ability to transcend personal d

Communications and Organicaly Grown Company

Responsible for development and execution of integrated marketing communications plans and
related budgets: hired, trained and managed marketing and support teams; supported sales and
account management. providing tools for successful sales growth; managed corporate and packaged
brands, with experiential understanding of both B2B and B2C marketing: led creative design and copy-
writing for digital and print assets, as well as internal external communications, including website.

05/2016 - 12/2017

Marketing Manager Organically Grown Company

Led efforts to develop a fully integrated, nsw communications plan and team, a bea from two to five members. Responsible for successful
corporate re-brand and update of all branded assets, including website, truck banners, advertising and
customer support materials; led re-brand and launch of trademarked certified organic. NW-grown.
LADYBUG Brand Produce after adopting Salmon- Safe certification for the brand and for development
of ORGANICALLY GROWN packaged produce line.
with a focus on earring rch! reer retailers, research and development of packaging

Project and Event Coordinator Organically Grown Company Responsible for development of digital and print
assets, including point of sale materials, social media plans and posts, weekly newsletters, graphics
projects and advertising; coordinated event engagement. conferences and trade show presence,
as a member of a small marketing team of two.

12/2002 - 01/2012

B.A American Studies- 09/1993 - 05/1997

St. Cloud State University, St Cloud. MN, USA

Graduated Summa Cum Laude

Led Student Coalition Against Racism for two years;
was one of three nizers to develop and host the
first Human Rights Conference on campus in 1995.
and the first American Indian Pow Wow in 1996.

Strengths

Volunteering

Chair Oregon Organic Coalition
Organic Trade Support 501(c)6 organization. Served
as board member and marketing lead since 2011;
voted chair in 2014 and currently serving in that role.
Lead marketing, membership and fundraising campaigns, as well as social and digital media, policy
engagement. and organization of annual Organically Grown in Oregon Week. including management of
Oregon Organic Awards for Excellence luncheon.

Board member 10/2012 - 12/2016 Provender Alliance Board of Directors

09/2011 - present

- and natural products trade support group. Served as s treasurer, marketing committee chair, and

nemo: - Getting lost ina good book


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Community College of Denver