ETL Consultant II Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Jamal Jackson

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Over 8 years of ETL Consultant IT Experience in analysis, design, development, implementation
and troubleshooting of Data warchousec/Data Services applications and nearly 6 years of Experience in Informatica Power Center , 3 years of Experience in Datastage and Talend.

ETL, Informatica, SSIS,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

ETL Consultant HI
Scientific Technology Corp - February 2015- 2020

Built environment which ereating and supporting state of the art IT systems for public health.
Responsible for developing Platform as a service for 13 states for AFIX implementation.

Plans recommend and architects solutions around large data Business intelligence solutions
for the Interoperability of Healthcare data.

Implemented in the areas of coding, configuration and query writing of BI solutions.

Played as administrator for setting up development environments for Talend, Jasper soft, Postgres for AFIX development and documenting install plan at client locations.

Worked on Talend ETL for building ODS/OLAP tables and responsible for preparing mapping documents.

Responsible for creating test data for reports demos.

ETL Consultant
Delta Corporation - 2012-2015

implemented Retail DW Team HUB-Spoke data model to build Multiple Data Marts {spokes} from legacy systems.

The project is logically divided into two deliverables - Oracle DW (Hub) and Mart {spoke}.

Hub ETL team extracts/loads data from DB2 to Oracle DW via staging Oracle structures.

Mart ETL Team extracts/loads data from Oracle DW (Hub) to Campaign Management Data Mart {spoke}.

This DW project implemented Agile methodology to deliver the business necds.

Responsibilities Worked with Business Analyst to design Business Requirement Documents.
Created a data dictionary to map the business requirements to attributes to design logical data
model implementing star schema.

EDUCATION
---------

B.Tech in Informatica Technology - (JNTU}

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines
