Lakisha Washington

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

AMS SYSTEMS, New York, NY
Database Administrator [J, Jun 2003 ~ present

Approve, sebedule, plan, and supervise the installation and testing of new products wad improvements to

computer systems such as the installation of new databuses.

Develop data model describing data elements and how they are used, following procedures and using pen,

template or computer software.

Develop eS eee so they work properly together such as customizing

commercial databases to fit specific needs,

ron existing databases and database tuenagemeat systems or direct programmers and analysts t make

mages.

Plan, coordinate and implement security measures to safeguant information in compater files against

accidental or unauthorized damage. modification or disclosure.

_ - part of = project team to coordinate database development and determine project scope and
imatations.

‘Test programs or databases, correct errors and make necessary modifications.

‘Write and code logical and physical database descriptions oad specify identifiers of database to management

system or dirvet others in coding deseriptions.

‘Tram esers and answer questions.

Database Administrator 1, Jan 2001 - Jum 2003

Establish and calculate optimum values for detatase parameters, using manuals and calculator.
Review procedures in databese management gystem manuals for making changes to database,

Review workflow charts developed by programmer analyst to understand tasks computer will perform, sach
as updating records.

‘Specify weers and user access levels for each segment of databave,

Identify and evatuate industry treods in database systems to serve as n source of information and advice for
Upper management

Review project requests deseribing database user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish
project.

EDUCATION
--------- eee or ak Cals NY United States

Administration, May 2000

TECHNICAL SKILLS
----------------

Backup or archival software - Acronis Recovery Expert, BMC Catalog Mani RMAN

Data hase reporting softenre - Orncle Reports, Oracke SQL, Loader, Orace $QU, Plus, ReCrystallize Crystal
Reports

‘Object oriented dats base management software - IBM Informix, PostyreSQL softwure

Systems and data disaster reovery software - VERITAS NetBeckup

Clustering software - Cluster server software, Orucle Real Application Cluster RAC

Data base management system software - BMC Change Manager, Embarcadero Technologies DBArtisan,
IBM DB2, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL soltware, Oricle DBMS, Oracle Enterprise Manager

Database cloning software - Hewlett-Packard HP Omniback I1,1BM ADSTAR, Legato NetWorker
Data base user interface and query software - Database query language, Structured query language SQL

324 Sprng Meedow Lanz New York, NY 10003 (212)456-1434 peter anth(gmnil com
