Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; InfoS@awikresume,cor

Customer Advocate Website : worow.qwikresuime, com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

6 years of experience as a Customer Advocate, Seeking to apply the skills | have obtained and to
acquire new skills to become a valued ernployee and an asset to my employer,

SKILLS
------

Fax, Copy Machine, Multi-Line Phone Systern, Custorner Service, Money Handling, Cash Register,
Typing, and Inventory Control.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Customer Advocate
ABC Corporation - December 2005 - April 2011

Assist the member service departrnent with various Inquiries,

Some of these inquiries included solving explanation of benefits questions, providing benefit
and policy information and assisting with locating doctors and hospitals In the blue cross and
blue shield network,

Focus on our client and custorners needs and expectations to ensure the best possible information and/or resolution is provided.

Manage customer relationship by performing the full range of custorner service functions, use
common courtesy and discretion to achieve custorner loyalty.

Review all custorners account Information while on calls to identify and match customers heeds with the appropriate product and or services.

Utilize troubleshooting guides and tier 1 troubleshooting on all calls that require device
assistance.

Exercise sound Independent judgement within established limits of authority.

Customer Service Representative
ABC Corporation - October 2005 - Novernber 2005

| processed various transactions including money deposits, withdrawals, and processed loan
ayments,

isa had to keep a record of all of my transactions throughout the day on the cornputer

database and balance my drawer every evening before leaving.

In this job, | was able to utilize ry strong customer service skills and learned the ability to

work In a high paced, stressful environment.

Received numerous customer service awards for critical to quality accuracy, high turnovers,

and Increased customer renewals,

Utilized Siebel software for data entry of customer service Information for accuracy and

quality control.

Typed memos, correspondence, reports and other documentation including follow-up letters

to custorners to ensure their questions were addressed and to assure thern of support

throughout the life of their membership.

Created customer Satisfaction survey utilizing Microsoft Word to drastically reduce potential

problems,

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Gulde lings


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).