Professional Services Phas: 02) S86 fee

Email: info@qwikresume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Able to work with minimal supervision, developing and implementing a well-organized plan to
resolve the current business issues.

MS Office, Medi soft, Supply Chain Management, ERP,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Professional Services Consultant/Analyst
ABC Corporation - 200] - 2002

Defined business requirements, prepared documentation (BRD), and configured sofiware for implementation.

Reported monthly status per MS Project plan.

Provided professional services to ee including mapping and redesign of client financial and
manufacturing business

Reduced manulacturing ar acines by over by modifying the production reporting process and the costing process,

Documented client development of system configuration, pilot testing, and solution integration,
including gap analysis and Issue resolution,

Responsible for functional training programs for the client to enable knowledge transfer and
successful use of the sofiware,

Remedial training reduced the standard costing process from three days to four hours.

Professional Services Consultant
ABC Corporation - 1996 - 2001

Provided fee-based payroll/human resources sysiem support, provided assistance customizing
client installations,

Coordinaicd national distribution and provided first line support of Professional Services
Custom Modules,

Liaison between third party developer of Custom Software Modules and Ceridian Employer Services.

Analyzed and researched all project requests,

Prepared formal proposals for Western Region Projecis.

Member of the Professional Services Development Module Team whose charter was to develop enhancement software for Ceridians base Payroll/Human Resources Product.

Developed product design specifications, product testing, beta client support, uscr and technical documentation for new products as well as provided first level support for beta
USCTS..

EDUCATION
---------

M. B. A. in Marketing and Finance - {University of Kansas}

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
National American University