Personal Banker Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Lakisha Washington

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

9 years of experience as a Banker, Experienced in retail and business banking with a dernonstrated history of working In the financial services industry.

SKILLS
------

Customer Service, Bank Teller, MS Office Suite, Risk Managernent, Credit, Banking, Accounts
Receivable And Accounts Payable.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Personal Banker
Wells Fargo Bank, NA - Septernber 2014 - August 2018

Relationship management with existing and new business customers to grow sales, revenue, and market sales.

Acquires and/or expands and retains business, retail, private and wealth client relationships to
generate revenue and deepen relationships, Handles the origination, financial analysis, negotiation and documentation of credit and non-credit products and services.

Manages risk/return and drives quality for new and/or existing business, retail, private and
wealth customers. Actively identifies and mitigates different types of risk, such as reaulatory
and operational.

Focuses on client opportunities by providing and recornmending the business, retall and private products based on an understanding of the clients needs and thelr financial well-
being. Focuses on increasing client engagernent and loyalty.

Builds an effective network of internal and external relationships, such as cormmunity
relationships, to actively acquire new clients and/or expand existing clients and enhance the
client experience, Focuses on bringing an entire bank to the client by presenting the full range
of products and services, Leverages reporting and sales tools to proactively Identify and successfully convert sales opportunities.

Provide support to the relationship managers with anti-money laundering policies and other
customers.

Help the cornmunity, retail, business, private and wealth custorners to cornrit to the highest
ethical standards and maintaining their valued trust,

Relationship Banker
Bb&t Bank - December 2009 - September 2014

Serve as primary contact for new account openings and cross sale of other products and services to clients and prospects.

Proactively and reactively contact clients and prospects dally by phone or in person to identify
additional client financial needs and strengthen client relationships.

Support team sales process by acting upon or referring identified client needs to other lines of
business, Including but not limited to, retail loan, mortgage, Investments, private banking,
Insurance, Small business, merchant services, and other areas,

Calling custorners, inbound and outbound calls, cross-sell financial products and deepen existing relationships with retail, business and private and wealth clients.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines
