CAROLE CHUN
122 Kismnls © Singapore £98063
sees spperte resumesstee som
ACCOUNTANT
(SC OOO RES
Meticcdous, bilingual Professional with exteaaive experience at major accounting finns, Audit portolio

burlpet conurasnts Anwnded the AIESEC Manigemynt Teanng Paogsam, Willing to relocate
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

LEVERPOL & SOLOMON, Singapose 2000 ~ 200!

Accountans

‘¢ Supported outsourced financial services of Infineum, Singapore, joint-venture between ExwoaMobil

Chemical Company, Shell Petroleum Company Lid, and Shell Oil. Infineum is one of the muret leaders

in the development, manufacture, and sale of ackitives for petroleum furls & lubricants.

Darected activities of four stxfY members in the general ledger department.

Facilitated communcanon with the internal and external auchitors.

Refined opermmonal controls in the management reporting process.

ascii Jmael Wouters. genes coer evortiaions, and coaiiook aches chiding WAL

Varunce, jeter-compacty accounts, and aging.

© Genetated moethty close of financial statements; prepared management reports concemeng purchases,

sales, and inventory.

Prepared submission of Exwon US Tax Conform Reporting package and vances statutory reports & surveys.

© Assumed responwbibty for resolving outstanding balance sheet ties from 1999, including payroll related
accounts, suspense & accruals, and purchase reports on long outstanding orders: established more effective
intemal controls,

7 A significant pay increases within an 18-month pened for supenor service.
= Designed and developed « general lediper proceckire mann.
= Enhanced procketivity by aumenating the month-end reporting process,

ACCELLOR & DAMIEN, Singapose 1997 1999
Auditor

© Auuhted 2 diverse portiobo, including pevate and publicly hsted concerns mvolved in tracing, investment
hokding, retail, manufacturing, and backing.

© Coorknated audit team activities to meet objectives withen time constraints; mentored junior suff,

© Generted statutory accounts, management letters, and aucit issues memorancth.

= Established strtegees tb carry out comprehensive audit plans.
= Made recommenciations for effective imernal controls after careful examination of current system

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF LONDON, United Kingdom
Bachelor of Arts im Accounting and Financial Management, with Howors, 1997

‘TEACHER'S COLLEGE, Makin
South Australien Certificate of Education, \4
INDEPENDENT HIGH SCHOOL,

Unified Examination Certificate (Equivalent w GCE ‘A Level), 13
Sijl Petajeran Malaysia (Equivelent to GCE ‘O° Level), \92