Robert Smith

Professional Accountant

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Verifying work of and provide guidance to less experienced levels of
accountants. Provide functional advice or training to less-experienced
accountant positions, Ensuring cornpliance with corporate policies, carrier
agreements, SOX procedures, SSAE16 procedures tax regulations, local
GAAP and US GAAP, and local statutory regulations (as applicable)
regarding financial matters.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Professional Accountant
ABC Corporation- 2008-2008
Re sponsibilities:
* Consolidated and presented balance-sheet results/analysis to Controller.
« Performed monthly-trend analysis of expense accounts arid presented
to upper Management,
* Maintained and monitored prepaid accounts.
= Reconciled balance-sheet accounts,
= Reviewed income-statement accounts for material changes on a daily
basis.
= Processed general-ledger entries/ adjustments.
= Processed direct charges between affiliates,

Professional Accountant
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2007
Re sponsibilties:
* Business partner with Marketing Lead to provide financial results and
customer profitability for existing and new custorner across various
global .
= Analyze data to detect fraud, deficiencies, and non-compliance with
laws and regulations Prepare detail reports on audit findings Inspect
clients .
= Prepared timely and accurate tax filings and payments for over 600
jurisdictions totaling 350 million annually o Performed rnonthly liability .
= Teacher of Accounting Principles | &arnp; ll, Business Maths and
Business Arithmetic in many Colleges and Professional Schools of Port-
au-Prince, .
= Served the Retail, Service, Non Profit and Construction Sectors San Juan
Navigation was initially a client.
= Served 5 Attorneys and 2 Property Manager/Owners.
= QuickBooks Pro Advisor - installation, set up and consulting clients in
retail, medical, software and other professional services fields.

Education
BS In Accounting

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road,
Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
Microsoft Office, SQL.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company

Name)
Reference ~ 2 (Company
Name)