AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Workflow management Contacting people Team mestings

Call monitoring

Cold calling

Conducting appraisals Sessions

Customer service

PROFESSIONAL Fluent French speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS Hard working

Loyal

Porsiztent

Focused

CONTACT
-------

Maxine Curry Dayjob Led The Big Peg Birmingham

B18 ONF

T: 0121 638 0026
4M: 0121 638 0026

Driving license: Yes

Maxine Curry

Call Center Supervisor PERSONAL SUMMARY

A confident, outgoing and smart Call Center Supervisor who is calm by nature and bas a good telephone manner. Maxine will always ensure that individuals and teams
always meet a department's call handling targets. She has a genuine desito achieve results, both personally and as part of a successful team. As a true professional she
never shies away from responsibility and will always be at the heart of what is going on around her. She has a flexible approach towards coordinating, motivating and
leading call centre staff Right now she is looking for a fast paced. exciting role that will not keep her on her toes and keep her wanting more.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

IT Company - Birmingham

CALL CENTER SUPERVISOR Fun 2013 - Present

Responsible for coordinating, motivating and leading a team of call centre staff.
staff performance.

- Creating team rots to ensure the call centre is manned effectively during core hours.
- Making sure that all services and practical arrangements for the call centre such as Cleaning times, waste collection and staff access are im place

- Working evenings, weekends and public holidays in order to meet service requirement

- Receiving telephone bookings from members of the public.

- Undertaking remedial action to rectify any staff shortcomings.

- Managing customer relationship in pre-sales for an effective handover to post sales.

- Escalating issues to line managers when necessary.

Company name - Location

JOB TITLE Employment dates (ie. Aug 2011 - Jun 2013) KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

» Able to conduct tough conversations with under-performing staff.
- Logical thinker with superb creative problem-solving skills.

- Providing administrative support to staff across the Call Centre.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011 BSc (Hons) Business Administration

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008 A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C) REFERENCES - Available on request.


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.