ROBERT SMITH Jr. Personal Fitness Trainer

il: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

‘To obtain a challenging Maintenance Support position in the Defense Aerospace Industry that will enable to
apply technical training and expertise as an specialist in a dynamic team onented environment.

SKILIS

Microsatt office, Power point, Spreed sheet, Leadership, Customer service.

WORK EXTERIENCE

Jr. Personal Fitness Trainer
ABC Corponition - November 2011 - May 2012

® Ensures proper use of exercise equipment through demonstration and training sessions.

® Develops, demonstrates, and monitors individual workout routines.

- Maintains exercise equipment, providing daily reports to management of the condition of all facility equipment.

- Development and implementation of exercise progrims with individual clients Performing Physical Assessments Goal Monitoring/Tracking Client Scheduling Researching to meet specific needs ot clientele due to health restrictions ar injury.

® Certificate of Strength and conditioning coaching from the Olympic Academy of the Islamic
Republic of Iman.

- Assist clients with their personal fitness goals Follow up with new members on completing a one- on-one fitness consultation.

® Provided Personal Fitness Training services for well know resorts fitness facility,

Personal Fitness Trainer
W.LT.S. - 2010-2011

Develop personable relationship with clientele.

Guide, mentor, and provides knowledge and skill for clientele.
Demonstrate proper technique and use of equipment sately

Propose and conducts fitness consultations.

Upbeat, positive, confidence, and motivational character.

Excellent custamer services and business skill.

General upkeep and cleanliness are conducted on a day to day basis..

- associates in Education - October 201 Community College Of The Air Force - Sheppard AFB, TX)

- This Ens Remus Tomphats = the copyright of Qwiknewimecom, Usage Galdsfines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.