Greg Baker

Senior General Accountant

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Highly motivated and result-oriented General Accountant with 10 years of experience in the Finance domain, with extensive experience in corporate
accounting and financial reporting, including accounting operations, financial analysis, forecasting, SOX compliance, and accounting system
implementation. Known for collaborative style in building cohesive relationships and coordinating between various corporate offices and
departments, and with great work ethics.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior General Accountant
Fannie Mae - December 2011 - Present Responsibilities:
= Providing support during the monthly closing cycle &ndash; cornpiling, analyzing, and recording the results to General Ledger.
» Analyzing the financial results, preparing flux analysis reports and forecasting results for next month close,
- Preparing monthly analytics package, presenting to the Executive Management and Corporate Board as needed. = Responsible for accurate reporting of time-sensitive quarterly disclosures, footnotes, cash flow statement, FHFA call reports and other reporting obligation for 10-K and 10-9 filing.
- Researching and analyzing the highly complex accounting issues, identify root causes and propose changes for improvement, = Evaluating new policies and procedures for operational and control impacts.
- Assisting with reviewing existing controls to mitigate potential risk factors within the assigned process/areas.

Senior Financial Analyst
ABC Corp- September 2007 - December 2011 Responsibilities:
= Responsible for accurate reporting of financial results, data/report validation related to cash &amp; commitment accounting, loan
accounting, fair value treatment and principal/interest.
= Performed and analyzed monthly activities and trending of the loan portfolio, = Monitored and reported key financial and non-financial data metrics
based on performance results.
- Took ownership of account chart field process - setting up the new account, cash flow, and line item. = Identified control weaknesses, cormmunicated to rnanagement, and Proposed process changes,
- Assisted with audit testing and requests, and maintained/updated policy and procedures as needed. = Responsible for daily financial accounting activities including positive check pay, ach fraud filter, stop,

- This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

Payroll, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Human Resources, Office Management, Office
Applications, Financial Reporting, Quickbooks, MAS 90, Wordpress

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

REFERENCES
---------- Reference - 1 (Com Name) pany

Reference - 2 (Com nero) pany
