Maria Garcia

Be Sven 2 Cy, Sane om Celi 222.222.2222 + emaii@address.com it Profile: hitp/iwww.linkedin.cony

Targetiog the full-time or eye gat STRATEGIST + DIGITAL Offering a in track record in web mai stra taprdantirighs Nized
brands trom relative obscurity, bataing star ventures nor Profits in markets. Naaan boone ate a and capable com

drivingrevenue, and growing

quickly and easily inspires the trust, confidence, and respect of peers, management, executives, snd tay acto wranais morsac a nie tence of maleates Complete, in-depth
understanding of Internet tools, trends, and business models to raise an organization's visibility and
social Wepelniy bepregt bend Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube: also maintain a modestly-

influential personal “Twitter” identity: @adinfinitum.
Key Knowledge Areas:
. Content Strat & Design © Product Sales / Business Development & Growth
- SEO& lp ob reine lon re ee . Brand Marketing * Video Production, Distribution, & Delivery . * Podcast Production .

Soci! ea Comunity Management

Concurrent professional experience includes 8 years as an independent Digital Marketing Consultant:

9: DeRose vate OU Cava Sica Smeets 2 Coy beeen yt Oe Bopereres healthcare technology, and real estate indu:
. Created an refed socal mada peices and potcos to greatly mance customer aoqiston, customer service, HR, and PR efforts on the web
- Developed content iniiatives to launch blogs, Sereo- Seren avis bociat recta promos Broader to thought leadership and generate significant inbound marketing results . Trond Overy Goll tx taleo tact morte took end oattichioien, and set up internal processes to manage social media activity across multiple departments Advanced user juour ol Vion / Means: / aie oo applications, web design software, an extensive range of web applications, and Pe and and MAC platforms; exercise an exceptionally-quick learning curve to become swiftly proficient in new software intricacies.

Creating & Driving Winning Ideas By Applying Contemporary Marketing Tactics &Tools

Company & Nation-Wide Firsts
- Built and established the first national full-service video production platform from inception. Peenae Guaned videographers in each of the 50 ststes and all lop mauopolian service areas . Poston copay a op Boe est fo oman sch qv pra 0 he mont evan

Envisioned devetopment structure which ruency . wien Suadiac sound Rnrariee dure Lee ecomatea ome (nee Ce phase (Sonic ye
