CONSULTING MECHANICAL ENGINEER

JEREMY BL

9 CITY, STATE % 000-000-0000 MAEMAIL@EMAIL.COM

SUMMARY
-------

Versatile, accomplished, engineering management professional with a demonstrated history of
working in the automotive industry. Skilled in Six Sigma, Product Development, Manufacturing,
and Root Cause Analysis. Proven expertise in managing maintenance operations in a wide range
of industrial settings. Exhibits a strong and firm approach to sustaining and encouraging safe
work environments, and a demonstrated ability to streamline operations. Applies continuous
improvement principles to increase process and maintenance efficiency, and company profits.
Proven ability to read, and interpret blueprints and schematics. Strong skills in directing and
motivating staff with up to 60 members. Demonstrated experiences in quality control
management, such as first article inspection, precision measurement instruments, calibration,

and documentation.

CONSULTING MECHANICAL ENGINEER BOEING
2017-04 - PRESENT

JET ENGINE DYNAMIC COMPONENT MECHANICAL SUPERVISOR

GOOGLE

2014-07 - 2017-03

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Mechanical engineering of parts and sub-assemblies for the wireless and consumer electronics industries.

Responsible for fit, form, and function of parts and sub-syste affecting user interaction.

sed and coordinated aircraft maintenance and repair activities.
aged, supervised and coordinated activities of personnel engaged in the maintenance and repair of aircraft, aircraft components, and
ground support equipment. Supervised requisitioning, receipt, and allocation of tools, parts, and materials.
Interpreted shop-sketches, drawings, schematics, and blueprints; used technical publications and other m nance data. Used precision
measuring instruments and special tools in performing maintenance functions.
Performed complete repair of helicopter dynamic components;
prepared and submitted work center reports; conducted technical training; planned, scheduled, and supervised work center operations;
used computer-generated technical data for inspection and repair of licopter dynamic components
ved as the maintenance manager and supervisor; performed duties of the quality assurance inspector; le group discussions and critique
subordinates on oral communication skills; prepared efficiency evaluations and commendati for subordinates.
Managed over a billion dollars of aviation assets with zero loss.
Implemented and tracked the squadron maintenance training program to ensure all maintainers provided with follow-on NAMP,
NAVOSH, and FASO course tr, Successfully performed all duties as SE Training and Licensing
Program Manager


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)