MIRA JONES

354 Sharpe St., Basin City, UT £4003 | | C: 555.322.7337 example-ematwexample.com

SUMMARY
-------

Innowative and successful Attorney, highly effective at Geveloping creative case strategies
and writing persuasive briefs, Thvives in dynamic environments and quickly adapts to the
ever-changing demands of the legal field. Detail-oriented, conscientious, and organized with
9 years experience achieving favorable outcomes in court cases. Well versed in trial Preparation, research, and drafting legal documents. Tackles cases with tenacity and an
analytical mindset.

HIGHLIGHTS
----------

- Court procedures © Skilled mediator
- Document review © Exceptional negotiator

- Contract negotiation © Outstanding public speaker
- Regulatory compliance © Professional and personable
- Trademark and patent licersing © Strong leader

Accomplishments

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

EDUCATION
---------

- Successfully defended automotive manufacturer in preliminary injunction proceedings and District Court appeal.

- Obtained favorable settlements in 75% of cases,

- Volunteered with Legal Aid of Utah for 32 hours per month, including numerous “ask a lawyer” events,

General Legal Counsel Oct 2012 to Current Basin City Beat - Basin City, UT

Devetop and implement legal strategies for website content.

Courset on laws and liabilities for music hosting and artist services.
Evaluate data invotving assets, income, expenditures, and surpluses.

‘Structure contracts and agreements with clients, vendors, and employees.

Determine applicable laws for issues such as real estate purchases and licensing of content.

Attorney Jul 2004 to Sep 2012 Caldwell Law Firm - Basin City, UT

Retained as outside counsel for companies and businesses.

Investigated complaints of retaliatory and discriminatory employment practices, Developed detailed litigation strategies for each case.

Selected jurors, argued motions, and met judges during the course of a trial, Presented and summarized cases to both judges and juries.

Fited appeals in state and federal courts of appeal.

Analyzed data to test compliance with all legal reporting regulations,

Drafted and amended complaints.

eeeee

Juris Doctorate 2004 Northwestern University - St. Louts, MO
Bachelor of Science, Political Science 2001

Northwestern University - St. Louts, MO


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.