Emily Prosser

PR Specialist

Senior PR specialist with 9+ years of experience in marketing and corporate public relations. Pitched press releases to the most prominent

industry magazines to secure over 20 leads a month in top media outlets. Managed multiple PR and marketing annual budgets from

$5,000 to $300,000. Helped increase clients’ annual sales by up to 40%.

Personal Info Experience
Address 2013-03 - Senior PR Specialist
542 Byers Lane present Berkadia, Ambler, PA
Philadelphia, PA 19019 * Developed and implemented policies and procedures for overall public
USA relations effort in cooperation with sales and customer service teams.
Phone * Supervised the external communications team in securing leads in top
215 837 0553 media outlets in the US and in international media.
E-mail * Supervised the preparation and distribution of materials such as news
emily. prosser@gmail.com releases, fact sheets, and scripts to media outlets.
- Reviewed all forms of communication prior release.
- Key achievement: 100% efficiency in meeting the external communications AINE CM department's projects’ milestones and goals. Linkedin aA
linkedin.com/in/emily-margaret-prosser iii sie Syria
2013-03 Adidas, Boston, MA bicseaaes * Created and maintained lists of media contacts.
twilior-comlommyprosserse * Researched opportunities across online media channels.
Skills * Produced product unctine and press kits.
- Responded to media inquiries and supported event organization

Press releases eeeee Key achievement: Lead a project team in designing and implementing a

Excellent comprehensive social media relations strategy for a new line of lifestyle
Media relations eeee0 products - grew Facebook fan base from 0 to 12,000 in 4 months, gained

Advanced 35,000 Instagram followers in 3 months.
Crisis management @eee0 2008-08 - Junior Communications Specialist
Advanced 2009-06 SAP, Newton Square, PA
Facebook @@@0o0 * During industry events, distributed notes, press credentials, set up press
marketing boxes, recorded and transcribed press conferences.
Intermediate * Helped keep PR storage areas organized and the resources easily

Creative writing eee5cee accesible, assisted in office administration activities.

Excellent * Assisted with producing press releases, organizing press conferences,

publicity events, and off-day media availabilities.

Languages * Performed minor translating tasks, including translating press releases into Spanish eccce Spanish and assisting live translations into Spanish.

lingual Education Chinese @@e@00

Intermediate 2007-09 - MA in Social Communications, specialization in PR and
2008-07

Media Marketing University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, CA
