AREAS OF EXPERTISE Stock planning

Supplier management Procurement analysis Partner management Demand forecast:
Distribution

Maria Garcia

PROFESSIONAL French speaker

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS Passionate

Forward thinking Focused

Hard working

CONTACT
-------

Maxine Curry Dayjob Ltd The Bi

he Big Peg BIS 6NF
T- 0121 638 0026
M: 0121 638 0026
E- info@dayjob.com

Driving license: Yes Nationality: British

Maxine Curry Supply Chain Manager

PERSONAL SUMMARY

Maxine is an expert at synchronizing supply with demand and at developing supply
chain strategies that significantly impact on profitability and increase the total value of
a business. At her current place of work. she is widely respected for her ability to troubleshoot issues that can affect supplies. Her key skills include; improving supplier
programs, establishing robust processes, statistical forecasting and strategic supplier management. Right now, she is currently looking for a suitable role with a company
that wants to hire the best-qualified and most experienced people.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Company name - Location

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGER Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for restructuring the company’s Purchasing and Supply Chain functions so as

to make then as effective and efficient as possible.

- Planning supply chain schedules in advance in preparation for busy seasonal periods.
- Negotisting with suppliers to minimize raw material and transportation costs.

- Making sure that all supplier information and records are up to date.

- Taking steps to ensure the personal safety and safe working environment of staff.

- Checking that a supplier has valid insurance certificates, bank details & certificates.

- Involved in the hiring, training, supervising and mentoring of supply chain staff.

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 -Jun 2013)

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 - jum 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

- Bringing products via the supply chain to market on time and in the correct quantity.
- Managing diverse teams of professionals in a Supply Chain environment.

- Avoiding conflicts between work and personal interests.

- Experience of liaising with forwarders & overseas companies to arrange collections.
- Accurately calculating total supply chain costs in relation to proposed new projects.
- Familiar with the principles of transportation, supply chains and procurement.

- Treating problems or unexpected events as opportunities to learn from.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008 - 2011 BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008 A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C) REFERENCES - Available on request.

i i
