Digital Media Specialist III Pion 2) a6 ee 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH emmy)

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
--------- Video Production and Comrnunications professional with extensive experience directing and

managing creative corporate communications and video tearns and projects. implernent creative
communications products.

SKILLS
------

Adobe Master Collection, Graphic Design, Learning Management Systems,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Digital Media Specialist Ill
ABC Corporation - February 1999 - july 2015

Experience spans alrnost with this institution, as becarne a senior member in the Acadernic
Technology Departrnent.

Primary designer for websites and graphical elernents for the creation of newsletters, brochures, posters, and mailers.

Produce nurnerous printed materials such as large format posters, training manuals, and flyers.

Manage repository of digital assets, file managernent, and comprehensive mnetatags.
Experienced studio and location photo/video and editor,

Production and deployrnent of various Images and videos for web and live viewing.

Team member in the research, installation, and operation of autornated video capture and distribution process,

Digital Media Specialist
ABC Corporation - 1996 - 1999

Developed and lead 8 cornprehensive project rnanagernent application to help Marketing team manage and monitor intake process; project includes o Development of back-end
database and user-friendly interface o Design of reporting metrics © Training of tearn,

Built and continue to develop content and functionality management of organizations website,

Maintain content management system (CMS) updates and component updates to protect
known exploits In the software from being utilized by hackers, while also ensuring access to
the most recent software features and efficiency,

Implementation of intrusion detection, logging and reporting on servers utilized for digital
marketing strategies to detect, document and provide data that can be used to block hack attempts and develop cohesive strategies that will prevent future hacks.

Develop and present regular reporting metrics for web traffic and social media engagement to
ensure these are in alignment with organizations strategic goals,

Project manager for social media engagement, which includes developing policies and procedures, training tearn members, leading regular tearm brainstorming sessions and
managing crisis communications.

Collaborate with teams across organization to manage hospital-wide intranet.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University