Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; info@qwikresume, corm

Professional Sales Representative athe eremarear coioC

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------
Highly motivated, results orlented, dynamic professional with 28 years inthe pharmaceutical

industry. Commendable performance and proven ability to sell and manage in a fast-paced consistently changing sales environment.

SKILLS
------

Sales, Marketing, Finance.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Professional Sales Representative
Publicis Touchpoint Solutions - April 2015 - 2020

Educated Physicians and Staff on Xolair, an injection for Alleraic Asthrna and CIU,

Educated physicians on the importance of diagnosing the Patient with Allergic Asthma by testing for IgE levels,

Proven effective public speaking and presentation skills.

Able to communicate at all levels of an organization and work well within atearn environment
In Support of cormpany objectives.

Responsible for executing marketing strategies and sales inthe assigned territory.

Performed extensive market analysis in order to understand areas for developing business.
Responsible for driving sales of prescription medicine products through ethical interaction
with direct prescribing practitioners as well as other nor-prescribina healthcare providers.

Professional Sales Representative
Delta Corporation - 2011 - 2015

Present Works to increase sales and market share for Pfizer products (Celebrex, Lyrica and
Spiriva) as well as to enhance Pfizers image.

Responsible for discussing tearns successes, challenges and ideas to drive market share and
enhance the Pfizer partnership,

Utilized industry know-how and outstanding skills in marketing and promoting the gastrointestinal (Gl), asthma/allergy, and antibiotic products ,

Highlights Consistently obtained high ranks for the Share of Market Change #3/10 In District
and #3 0/250 in nation for branded Gi product #2/10 in.

Appointed to the R2/ADAM Advisory Board in New Jersey Awarded Retention Bonus for 100% of quota selling Celebrex and Lyrica,

Walmart Technician -jiffy Lube - Good year tire,

Oil Tires Batteries Cashier,

EDUCATION
--------- Bachelors of Sclence - (Southern Illinois University-Carbondale- Carbondale, IL)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Gulde lings


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.