CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

Robert Smith

Asst. Dotnet Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Total experience of 10+ years on Dotnet, worked as senior/lead Experience in developing applications using MVC 4.0 and MVC 5.0. Experience in
Creating and Consuming RESTful web services using WebApi2.0 Experience in Windows Cornmunication Foundation (WCF) Experience in Web Forms
prograrnming Experience in Windows Forms programming Experience in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Experience in using Structure map
for Dependency Injection.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Asst. Dotnet Developer
Wayne County Treasurer's Office - July 2015 - 2020 Re sponsibilities-
- Followed the N-Tier Pattern, separating the business, presentation and data models. = Implemented Single Sign-On (SSO) Solutions to provide common gateway for login. = Developed the project in agile methodology.
- Involved in design the application by using various design patterns, = Worked with ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) with the SOL database. = Worked on designing and developing many excel based applications called Macros in VB.net.
- = Made changes to existing user controls to add new fields (text boxes and drop down controls) In Ul.

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corporation - 2014-2015 Re sponsibilities:
= Project Bank of America (Remediation) Description Client is one of the worlds largest Financial Service Provider.

= Remediation project includes development of a Ul based application and

a workflow to translate the Instructions into actionable data’ schedule for BAU teams to capture additional inforrnation needed for
Remediation.

= Project used the latest Microsoft .Net technologies as much as possible to engineer sophisticated systern needs of the client,

= Project was developed on the .Net 4,0 frarnework using web services,

- SSIS was used for moving the data between the end user and the client databases.

- Responsibilities Involved inthe development and implementation cycles

of the project in C#. NET, = Consumed WCF services to validate the logged in users Effectively

created easy to use, reusable controls and integrated then into ASRNET

web pages using C#.NET.

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------

Presentation Foundation (WPF) Experience in using Structure map for Dependency Injection.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference ~ 2 (Company Name)
