Diana Coombes email: dc¢@homemail.com

AVIONICS ENGINEER + ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR 22 Bond St » Malvern East © NSW 2077
Telephone: +385 912 888 91

PERSONAL PROFILE

Over 20+ years progressive expenence from vathin the airline industry, serving an initial apprentice with Australian
Ainvays before moving into a vide array of engineering roles, Through being able to understand the wider picture and
vath the experience needed to interpret technical engineering specifics, will offer a pro-active and flexible approach to
supporting a vide array of fight engineering and operational roles.

Technical avionic engineering « Workshop management Cargo and logistics

Repairs and overhauls * Heavy maintenance Passenger cran

Procedural management e Compliance management Health and safety (OH&S)

Large scale deployments *¢ Maintaining documentation Quality management

In-flight servicing * Staff management Pro-fight planning

QUALIFICATIONS & CERTIFICATES

Aircrat Engineoting Approntico - New Zealand Defence Force and Mechanical services

Engineering Diploma -Inci. Applied Technology, Applied Mechanics ,Calculus and Principals of Electricity
Engineering Maintenance for Managers - Upfield Engineering Force

Health and Safety Management Cerbficate - Engineering solutons

1SO 9001 Accreditation Cemficate ~ Australian Standards Commission

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Qantas Maintenance Support Services Feb 1999 to current

Qantas Maintenance is one of the largest, most advanced aircraft facilities in the world, providing premium class
engineering standards on a solid foundation of safety, quality. relabilty and service

AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE ENGINEER

Responsibie for the technical aircraft maintenance engineering for the Boeing 747 and Airbus A330 craft
Maintain and overhaul aircrafts and sub-assombiies in accordance with established maintenance schedules,
including inspectons, testing, repairs and installatons of engne systems and components
Cernfy aircraft are airworthy in accordance vith local and international aviabon standards.
Manage the ordering of inventory parts needed to ensure works can be carried out speedily and efficiently

Ensure compliance with applicable technical publications through the use of maintenance instruction manuals for
the appropriate type/model/series aircraft

Attend all site meetings. keep up to date with changes in Qantas engineering and procedures, and ensure all
works completed are done £0 in a safe and efficient manner.

Interface vith higher level commangs, activibes, and cepots on all maintenance-related issues,
Reassemble components and check for operational deficiency.

Ensure that aircraft and equipment maintenance data is collected and properly dsseminated, and maintaining a
record of all action taken.

Provide leadership to junior engineer members


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.