Production Operations Manager Letra lal ites Mnbill bt

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Jamal Jackson

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

An expert in enhancing business value and leading strategic market research in the pursuit of
venture capital initiatives and highly effective mergers and acquisitions.

SKILLS
------

MS Office, Data Analysis, R&D, Records Management.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Production Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - 2014 - 2015

Developed all production processes in this startup organization,

Responsible for interviewing, hiring, and training all production operators.

Supervised processes to ensure timely production shipments,

Developed and enforced safety procedures, tracked production standards, and developed quality-control programs.

Designed floorplan to minimize travel wastes in manufacturing,

Worked with contractors to ensure requirements were met,

Coordinated manufacturing transfer to support the commercial launch of six new products in
18 months.

Production Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - 2009 - 2014

Manage team mernbers to foster 4 positive relationship with our customers, clients, sales force and Internal business partners.

Provide daily direction of activities, ensure phone adherence, provide superior service to
Internal and external custorners, manage productivity, and ensure quality loans.

Maximize customer service and tearn member developrnent through one-on-one coaching and effective team communication,

Serve as a liaison between Sales, Marketing, and Operations to proactively resolves issues
and explore process and service opportunities.

Identify and provide feedback to upper management on process workflow and identify training opportunities by reviewing pipeline reports,

Implemented additional production line and added a 2nd shift, increasing production capacity
by 50-100 percent.

Coordinated manufacturing transfer to support the commercial launch of six new products in
18 moriths,

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering - 1989 (State University of New York at Buffalo -
Buffalo, NY)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines
