Robert Smith

Senior Accountant

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Dedicated Accountant with over 10 years of experience and proficiencies in account management, flow, reporting, and across many business areas.
Business experience in financial analysis and management. Attention to detail in client management, evaluating economic and business trends,
completion of financial details, and organizational skills, Results oriented leader with process management skills to cornplete tasks within budget and
on time. Adept at financial review, research, and analysis in a fast paced environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Accountant
ABC Corporation- January 2011 - Present Re sponsibilties:

- Performing general accounting and financial activities Including journal entry preparation and posting as well as account analysis and accrual/reserve analysis,

- Developing financial staternents including balance sheet, incorne staternent and cash flow,

- Continuously monitoring all financial and statistical reports for accurate completion of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) financial staternent.

- Preparing financial and business related analysis and research in such areas as financial and expense performance, rate of return, depreciation, working capital, and investments.

= Working closely with other finance teams and with other departments to receive, retrieve and consolidate data and ensure data integrity In
reporting.

= Analyzing monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to maintain expenditure controls.

= Consolidating monthly reporting packages, forecasts, and annual budgets and analyze trends in revenue, expense, capital expenditures,
and other related areas.

Accountant
ABC Corporation- July 2007 - December 2010 Re sponsibilties:

- Reviewed, analyzed, processed and maintained accounting and financial transactions and records to ensure operational quality and efficiency measures are achieved,

= Performed a variety of accounting functions that supported organization-wide operations and maintained the accuracy of general
and expenditure ledgers and financial systems.

= Accomplished daily and monthly receiving of bank deposits and subsequent cash and billing adjustrnents to corresponding accounts.

= Assisted with Invoicing, processing payments and resolving collection issues.

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume. corn. Usage Guiielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Quickbooks, Microsoft Office, ADP Payroll, ProSystern Fx Tax, CCH Practice Managernent, Abacus Accounting

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding

Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.