John Smith, CET City, Phage

222-222-2222
Email; email@address.com

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER * SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER

Skilled engineering professional offering 14+ years of domestic and international experience in all aspects of
design, construction, management, controls, instrumentation and electrical systems. Proven record of
success completing multimillion dollar projects on time and under budget, with onsite El&C management
of multiple vendors and clients, Expertise includes designing, programming, testing, provisioning,
deploying and supporting electronic equipment. Strong technical and methodical aptitude with an innate
ability to analyze, coordinate and synthesize data. Aggressive in identifying and resolving inefficient
operational processes. Strong team member, able to motivate others to achieve optimal production rates
while maintaining high safety methods and practices. Excel in unpredictable and hectic environments.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
- ELECTRICAL: Design and ACAD of LV & MV « INSTRUMENTATION: design and ACAD of; single lines, power distribution, motor PLC/DCS/RTU layouts, schematics and schematics, gencrator systems, UPS systems equipment specifications, termination details, with power distribution, cable/conduit loop drawings, intrinsic systems, factory and jules, site and building layouts, hazardous site acceptance tests area classification layouts, fugitive emission * CONTROLS: pre-commissioning & pcan d wale box layouts, SK and MI heat commissioning of EI&C systems, startup of tracing design and field inspection, lighting compressor stations, oil batteries, well sites and layouts/ealculations, installation detail Burner Management Systems: networks design construction work packages, Field Project and commissioning, systems architecture it, construction supervision, pre- drawings, fiber systems, Allen Bradley commissioning, start-up PLC/HMI programming, a PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE * MAJOR CONTRACT HISTORY
Field Electrical Engineering Technologist May 2010-Present

Worley Parsons-Shell Scottord Upgre Expansion 1, Edmonton AB
- Represent owners for electrical systems during system walk downs and turnovers; carry out

inspections with electrical code inspectors; m. signoff and turnover of system documentation
- Organize walk downs and punch list approvals; liaise between engineers and contractors
Senior Electrical ing Technologist August 2009-May 2010 Stantec Consulting, ton AB r

- Lead electrical for 2010 capital cost class 4 estimates relating to pipeline electrical switchgear building replacement projects throughout Canada; lead electrical design for pipeline electrical switchgear building replacement project; included substation switch gear replacement and distribution, 5KV motor systems, MOV controls and pump building re-wiri

- Attended client meetings and updates status/cost reports bieweekly

Senior Electrical and Instrumentation Engineering Technologist Feb. 2009-Mar. 2009 SIGIT Automation, Calgary AB oe .

- Lead Electrical and Instrumentation project manager and des! for grass roots 100 MMSCF Compressor Station and well sites in NE BC; produced Eéel IFC drawing package and provided 3 Glesign phase on schedule

Senior Control Systems incering Technologist Nov. 2008-Feb. 2009 COLT Engineering, She dine Sands, Calgary AB

- Squad checked vendor drawings packages for the Utilities area; created data sheets for various transmitters and switches; created Cause and Effect drawings for vendor systems; QA checked various controls deliverables

weeks onsite construction support; managed 10+ people on detail and


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.