Jamal Jackson

Civil Engineer/ IT Systems Specialist
info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

Seeking challenging asa structural engineer within a dynamic, high growth organization that wa comes fresh ideas, initiative, dedication to integrate domain
expertise, administrative, leadership and management skills, demanding excellence in consistently to achieve organizational objectives.

Civil Engineer/ IT Systems Specialist
STARS For Consulting Office - JANUARY 2011 - 2019

Detailed and economic structural design of concrete using analysis software like ETABS, SAP2000, SAFE, PCA Column, STAAD Pro and
REVIT Structure with particular focus on internal calculation and drawing reviews to minimize risk and exposure of the designer.
Exceptional buildability engineering and problem solving skills perfected form years spent working for subcontractors on dite and
from experiencing and solving a multitude of complex structural issues a5 a designer.

Check and review the plans G&amp; specifications for the proper construction amp; quality implementation at job site.

Check formwork, reinforcements and all embedded items, Ordering concrete materials and reinforcements

- Quantities restriction for concrete and reinforcements of Projects,
- Preparing project drawings using AutoCAD software.
- Briefing CAD technicians and checking drawings.

Civil Engineer

ABC Corporation - 2008 - 2011

Responsibilities Designed and prepared engineering designs, plans drawings, specifications, and cost estimates of three hydropower
projects (Sanjen Upper Hydroelectric Project, Sanjen Hydroelectric Project (Cascade scheme) and Middle Bhotekoshi Hydrod ectric
Project)

- Hydraulic and structural design calculations of dam, Intake structure, reservoir, desanding basin, conveyance channel, surge tank, anchor blocks powerhouse superstructure and facilities, retaining structures, trusses, and river training structures. o-Penstock Optimization and Stability Analysis

- Surge Analysis in Surge Tank.

- Preparation of Reinforcement and Construction drawings in AutoCAD.

- Quantity Estimates and Report Writing.

Performed field checks of project sites or survey areas to verify

- This Free Resume Template 's the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Guidelines
