Fiona Jennifer

CLASSROOM TEACHER / PLANNING AND POLICY SPECIALIST

- 9 in

info@resumekraft.com +1-202-555-0135 Chicago, Illinois, US = www.linkedin.com/in/fiona

Skills Summary

- Undertake school self Equipped with the knowledge to make an indelible mark in the field of evaluation education outside of the classroom. | am an educator with 14years of

® Write School Improvement teaching experience looking for a new challenge in the education sector. |
Plan am interested in education planning and policy as a consultant, analyst or

policymaker. | am a team player, with a willingness to learn and improve

aha; inploeen ieee Skills to accomplish the goals of the organization.

software

- Writing and researching

education policies Experience
- Microsoft Office

Classroom Teacher
- Teamwork

Grace Valley Experimental School Sep 2005 - Present
(2005- 2019) Classroom Teacher

Hobbies In charge of the general teaching, learning and social experiences of my students. Knowledge of early childhood and primary curriculum up to

Reading historical novels grade six. Sit on committees for events planning, Jamaica Day, Read

Decorating Across Jamaica Day, canteen meal planning, Reading Fair, Mathematics

department and Language Arts department. An active member of the 4H

DIY projects , . ; , and Visual Arts Club, with gold, silver and bronze pieces.

Volunteer and Consultant

Referal Techwood Primary School Sep 2013 - Present

Principal - Winston High Work in tandem with the school's principal to undertake school self-
School evaluation, school improvement plan and action plan. Develop and revise Mrs. James Smith safety and security policy, school operational policy, sexual harassment
Tel: 101-203-2456 policy, student handbook and plan workshops.

Principal Redwood Primary

School Education

Mrs. Kera Millear

Tel: 102-345-6475 Masters in Education Planning and Policy

Illinois Institute of Technology Sep 2017- Oct 2019

This course has equipped me with the skills to undertake in-depth needs analysis at a strategic level, articulate and develop policy options
informed by empirical research and how to implement a coherent set of educational plans and policies for organizational sustainability

Bsc. Primary Education
Arizona State University -J/u/ 2017 Specialised in Primary education subject

Certificate Career Coaching Udemy - Present Successfully completed and obtain certificate in career coaching


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)