CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Robert Smith

Fitness Coach II

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Motivated Fitness Instructor accomplished in helping clients at all fitness levels get into the best shape of their lives. Strongly believes health is a
conscious lifestyle choice necessary for longevity and happiness,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Fitness Coach Il
ABC Corporation- December 2013 - July 2014 Responsibilities:
= Assessing clients overall health, lifestyle, profession, and pre existing conditions, in order to to design custornized programs to help therm
achieve optimal health.
= Proven sales performance in new client generation and high long terrn client retention.
= Maintains efficient time management skills related to personal business goals.
= Responsible for tracking client progress and performing follow up assessments,
- Able to work with a wide range of clientele needs fromm weight loss, to rehabilitation, to sports conditioning training,
- High success rate in teaching and motivating clients to manage and maintain desired fitness goals. = Volunteer work with Camp Mariah Fresh Air Fund teaching group classes to adolescents,

Fitness Coach
Orange Theory Fitness- 2009 - 2013 Re sponsibilities:

- Design creative and functional workouts for group classes,

= Coach large group classes in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.

- Instruct members on proper technique and form.

= | have been coaching at OTF for two years (Coral Springs South, Parkland, Coconut Creek locations).

- Was a part of the first tearm of coaches at Coral Springs South and Coconut Creek during the opening stages of the new studios and believe my impact as a coach, as well as our tearn of coaches, helped develop those studios into the growth and success that they still experience today.

- Skills Used My knowledge of strength and conditioning, as well as my background in psychology is put to use every day at OTF,

= From correcting 4a members form in the weightroorm to discussing goals and concerns after class, ry extensive education and background in
fitness and wellness plays a pivotal role in my success as a coach..

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume. corn. Usage Guiielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

CPR Certified, Micorsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint,

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
--------- Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
