& Simon Lamonte

4 Bd HEALTHCARE PROJECT MANAGER

Profile

Dynamic and highly skilled healthcare project manager adept in leading the delivery
of healthcare-specific programs. Committed to providing exceptional management
for all phases of capital projects such as budgeting, planning, bidding, commissioning
and close out services,

Employment History

Healthcare Project Manager, Prestige Consumer Healthcare, New York

e Provided leadership throughout all aspects of owner representative/project
management, goal setting and productivity.

e Established and maintained highly complex project budgets and cash flow
analyses.

¢ Reviewed orders, invoices and financial decisions to ensure the success of
company operations.

* Developed and monitored project schedules.

e Worked to cultivate and foster client, consultant, contractor and vendor
relationships.

« Provided helpful guidance and direction in project management to less

experienced team members and colleagues.

Senior Project Manager, Cheron Healthcare Systems, New York

¢ Developed detailed healthcare project plans and monitored them from start
to finish.

e Worked to develop solutions regarding crucial issues, and reported on project
milestones.

e Handled the overall management, performance, and completion of multiple
concurrent projects.

e Assembled project teams and assigns individual responsibilities and tasks.

e Measured performance using appropriate tools and techniques.

e Worked to foster mutual trust and encourage respect and cooperation among
team members.

Internships

Project Management Intern, Andover Health, New York

e Worked to provide exceptional professional support services in project
management.

e Worked closely with clinical leadership to identify initiatives aligned with
improving the quality of patient care.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Public Health, NYU, New York

¢ Summa Cum Laude.

Details

40 Greenbush Ave
New York, NY 10003
United States
212-906-1732

lamonte_snhpm@gmail,.com

Skills

Agile Project Management
Healthcare Systems

Knowledge of Public Health

Policies
Interpe al Skills

Effective Team Leader

Languages

French

English