JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of

driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.

¢ Account reconciliation specialist
© Intuit QuickBooks specialist

¢ Financial modeling capability

© Calculating Liabilities

¢ Account Reconciliation Processes
e Financial Statements Expertise

© Closing Processes

¢ General Ledger Accounting Expertise
e Tax Law Understanding

© Cash Flow analysis

e Accounting operations professional
© Statutory Reporting

« Finance

© QuickBooks expert

¢ Financial reporting specialist

« MS Office Suite

¢ Fiscal budgeting knowledge

© Self-motivated professional

© Bookkeeping

¢ Superior attention to detail

¢ Partnership accounting

e Financial Management

¢ Financial records review

e Accounting principles

¢ [Type] law understanding

© Profits and losses tracking

SKILLS

Accountant, 01/2013 - 02/2020
Amentum — Kalaeloa, HI

Work History

e Annual reports

Continuing education

Report writing

Financial statements expertise
Business operations

© Communications

Customer service

Supervision

MS Office

Team management
QuickBooks
Recordkeeping
Financial Reporting
Account Reconciliation
Balance Sheets
Accounting Systems
© Bank Reconciliation
Budgeting
Analytical reasoning

Exceptional organization

Customer-oriented

Budgets

Invoice Coding Familiarity

Data Trending Knowledge
Corporate Tax Planning Knowledge
e Advanced Bookkeeping Skills

© Monitored, verified and approved invoices and reviewed balances using financial software to assess balance sheet for variances.
¢ Eliminated discrepancies in finances by expertly documenting expenses, monitoring income, handling bank deposits and managing

statements.

e Applied proper codes to invoices, files and receipts to keep records organized and easily searchable.
¢ Maintained account accuracy by reviewing and reconciling checks monthly.
e Entered financial information and payments to guarantee accurate and on-time payments for employees and vendors.

¢ Maintained and processed invoices, deposits and money logs.

e Established QuickBooks accounting system to reflect accurate financial records.
¢ Organized and carried out efficient month-end, quarterly and year-end processes.

¢ Tracked business revenue and costs with Quickbooks, diligently reconciling accounts to maintain high accuracy.
¢ Used Quickbooks to complete payroll for ten employees and took detailed records of procedures.
e Analyzed figures, postings and documents to maintain accounting program accuracy.

e Reviewed and processed employee expense reports and vendor invoices for payment.

e Accurately calculated deductions and processed payroll for ten employees.

e Reviewed and processed employee expense reports and vendor invoices for payment.

e Accurately calculated deductions and processed payroll for ten employees.

¢ Prepared and filed federal and state tax forms.

Auditor, 06/2007 - 02/2011
Broadridge — Louisville, KY

¢ Prepared working papers, reports and supporting documentation for audit findings.

¢ Performed strategic planning, execution and finalization of audits.

© Completed audit papers by thoroughly documenting audit tests and findings.
¢ Gathered and analyzed financial data to determine improvement efforts.

© Complied with federal, state and local requirements.

¢ Maintained professional knowledge by attending [Number] [Type] and [Type] workshops annually.
e Ensured compliance with established internal procedures by examining reports, processes, and documentation.

© Identified management control weaknesses and provided value added suggestions for remediation.

¢ Interviewed business owners, explained audit scope and conducted exit interviews of audit findings.

Controller, 11/1996 - 06/2007

Aristotle Capital Management, Llc — Los Angeles, CA

¢ Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
© Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and all types of cash and

banking reconciliations.

e Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.

¢ Managed entire accounting cycle including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and closing books.
¢ Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual 1095 forms.
¢ Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.

e Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.

© Collected and arranged financial information and entered details into [Software] financial management system.

e Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

e Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.

¢ Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software proficiencies.
e Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.

BBA: Accounting, 08/1991
Baylor University - Waco, TX

EDUCATION

© Certified Public Accountant

CERTIFICATIONS