Robert Smith

Accounts Payable Accountant (Intern)

PERSONAL STATEMENT

To pursue career path in the Accounting field through a dynarnic workplace
that caters to both professional and personal development and strives to
bring ideas, integrity and excellence in place.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Payable Accountant (Intern)
Daimler Group Services Phils., Inc- June 2014 - june 2015

Responsibilities:

Performed invoice verification for non-productive materials of various
Daimler plants located in Germany.

Calculated and booked rnonthly journal entries, while ensuring that all
accounting transactions are in accordance with GAAP as well as internal
control procedures,

Used SAP which includes performing basic steps in invoice verification,
identifying error codes, analyzing and resolving price differences,
quantity differences, rnissing delivery slip/PO, double invoicing.
Responsible for payment and maintenance of reports for the sales and
use tax monthly payment.

Identified and communicated to responsible parties the necessary
process updates, Participated in process documentation and
participated in knowledge exchange according to s€t standards.
Performed other tasks as creating debit and credit notes for ivO2
cancellations, importing GR/IR data from nacos, cancellation of account
maintenance, and reversing aggregated data.

Coordinated and organized regular tearm and company events (e. G,
Tearn building activities) and rnaintained and records inventory of office
supplies,

Audit Staff
Punongbayan And Araullo, Member Firm Of Grant Thorton

International -

November 2013 - May 2014

Responsibilities:

Prepares working papers that docurnent corroborative audit evidences
gathered in the course of performing audit procedures,

Checks the mathematical accuracy of audit schedules and other
documents prepared by client.

Performs specific audit procedures assigned by the manager such as
vouching of documents, tracing to the schedules and accounting books
and records evidences that support or refute the clients,

Assists the client in preparation of income tax retum and financial
statements,

Gathers, summarizes, and prepares management letter cornments for
the higher-level review,

Assists the engagement manager in cleaning up and archiving of audit
methodology/tool file and other.

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume,.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS

Excel, Excellent Written
and Verbal
Communication, Great
Plains, Oracle,
Interpersonal skills

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

)
Reference - 2 (Com
Name) ex