CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

Digital Media Specialist I Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH eee eacanccaleonemere

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Creative Marketing professional with a proven record of accomplishment in creating and managing
digital media strategies in support of business goals and objectives.

Strategic Planning, Critical Thinking, SDLC, Information Systems,

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Digital Media Specialist I

ABC Corporation - 2000 - 2005

Met with internal and external stakeholders to conduct requirements gathering, Recommended solutions based on requirements. Delivered content for live streaming and on-
demand.

Develop immersive multi-sereen video projections and Interactive displays.

Recorded video and audio content for archiving, the web, and for the production of original
content.

Advanee Central Services is a web-based advertisement for the Michigan website mlive.com, A wide variety of design, communication and web-based knowledge.

Working daily with multiple account executives thal often only communicate through email keeps me on my toes.

Digital Media Specialist

ABC Corporation - 1998 - 2000

Produced, edited and managed digital media, using Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Audacity and Camtasia Studio software.

Created UI design elements.

Coordinated photoshoots and retouched photographs.

Updated product imagery and Ul elements tn Photoshop, followed efficient production and localization workflows and output graphics for web/mobile flawlessly.

Added /synehronized audio and graphic content to interactive presentations,

Reviewed /edited and created written and rich media content (including screen captures, videos
and images}.

Provided detailed Quality Assurance for multiple platforms...

EDUCATION
---------

Masters of Science in Management of Information Systems - (Nova Southeastern University - Fort Lauderdale, FL}

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines
