CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; InfoS@awikresume,cor

Digital Designer Website : wv, quiikresuime,com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Succeed in an environment of growth and excellence to meet personal and organization goals,
Digital designers can be employed by advertising firrns, video garne manufacturers, corporate
marketing departments,

SKILLS
------

Photoshop, Illustrator, In design.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Digital Designer
ABC Corporation - March 2015 - June 2015

Created the look and feel for the Web site, e-rnall, mobile, and print,

Managed intemal and external designers and presented multiple options of design for approval,

Created an eye-catching design that followed the brand guidelines.

Designed layout, selected image, typeface, and colors.

Assisted the team in a fast-paced environment to deliver out of the box creativity.

Designed and verified ASIC controllers for Nuclear Weapon Program.

Responsible for the digital logic portion of the ASIC; developed self-checking test benches In
ModelSirn,

Digital Designer
Delta Corporation - 2010- 2015

Responsible for ali design projects (i.e.

engraving, vinyl decals, license plate frames, custorn license plates),

Designed eye-catching company logos and advertising materials.

Prepared sample graphics illustrating design choices for clients.

Create and analyze UX research studies to increase sales, validate new customer onboarding
campaigns, and redesign mobile application information ,

Asa digital designer | facilitated multiple administration tasks pertaining to social media,
email management as well as many assistant duties.

Did all cornmercial graphics for the cornpany, as well as filmed and photographed many of the
release parties,

EDUCATION
---------
Bachelor of Arts in Graphic Design - 2002(California State University)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Gulde lings
