Rachell Higgins

Special Education Teacher

PROFILE
-------

An energetic and passionate professional who has 3 successful track record of teaching students with cognitive, physical, emotional and

behaviours! problems. Rachell comes to you with a strong background in providing students with an environment that is targeted at success.

CAREER

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 2016 - Present Company name

Responsible for assisting in the complete educational & social development of pupils under the direction and guidance of the head
teacher. In charge organizing classes and responding to the strengths and needs of students both during lessons in dass and alzo outside.

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 2015-2016 Company name

Planning & delivering well structured lessons which engage & motivate students. Planning and organising visits, field studies and special
activities connected with the teaching of the subject. Supporting the school in detivering the national curriculum set by the government.

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 2014-2015 Company name

Managing resources effectively and ensuring appropriate value for money. Organizing and supporting a range of extra-curricular activites.
Achieving & maintaining high standards. Working hard to understand the student's needs and then pianning in detail to meet thoze needs.

SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER 2013-2014 Company name

Planning. preparing and reviewing the school curriculum with other staff, Keeping an eye out for bullied school kids. Communicating
regularly with government and education departments.

ACADEMIC

Course details University name Course details College name

Course details School name

Maths (A) English (B) Physics (C}

:

1?) Ln}

SKILLS
------ Professional

Comprehensive knowledge of teaching procedures, processes and regulations.

Maintaining 2 neat and orderly study are and able to look after class equipment.

Able to deal with disruptive az well az underperforming pupiis in 3 firm way.

Personal Can work with people from all backgrounds.
Sociable and friendly by nature.

Can work independently and az 3 team.

HOBBIES

Describe any interests that you have, for instance “Harry iz a seH-confessed techie who in his spare time runs his own blog
where he reviews the latest gadgets. In addition to this, he also.
