CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

Shelli L. Ciaschini
Shelby, NC 28152
® (704) 692-5150

sclaschini@aol.com

Database Developer
Management Studio 2005 and Visual Studio 2005. I am capable of leading and working with a
team as well as individually. 1 have the ability to accomplish tasks under minimal supervision and
direction, Hard worker with a desire to use updated SQL skills in the field to assist with achieving
goals and objectives.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
---------------- Programming Languages:
Transact SQL, XML, COBOL-370, MVS/JCL, SQL, QMF, HTML, XHTML, CICS(trained)

Microsoft Technologies:
SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, Access, Word, Excel, Power Point, VB.Net

Databases:

Microsoft SQL Server 2000 / 2005, DB2, VSAM, TSO/ISPF, ENDEVOR, STARTOOLS, SYNCSORT Operating Systems:

Windows 98/2000/XP, Windows Server 2003

Software:
SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office, Macprgreth gad as asaoal SQL Server Profiler, CoolGen 6,0 workstation, Joomla, Dreamweaver 8, Flash

SetFocus, LLC. Shelby, NC 8/08 - 11/08 Se Sere areas (oma prgeocNansinciag «ho nencke teeta apoyo eds bphen yaad papas conor

exportation of data using XML and SSIS.

- AS part of a team, created various reports according to the business requirements for the movie rental company. Individually authored, installed, mmm
using SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services for a library database.

. Individually designed a bank application according to business requirements, and ee ee functions, and triggers to implement required

. Dacakced & Voici hit ecsivery plat eubke’ on the Gate: suuiantiny bacuiremares of tie library and on the potential impact of data loss on the business after considering and
analyzing the different backup and recovery strategies.

- Designed database maintenance plans to set up core maintenance tasks to make sure that the database performs well, is regularly backed up in case of system failure and is checked for inconsistencies.

- Employed the Database Engine Tuning Advisor to analyze the performance effects of workloads and implemented its recommendations wherever appropriate.

- Used the SQL Server Profiler tool to monitor the performance of SQL Server - particularty to analyze the performance of the stored procedures.

- Analyzed different high availability solutions and implemented database mirroring and replication.

- AS part of a team, established security policy using windows domain accounts and implemented a security strategy to protect against threats and attacks.
