@ eENERAL SKILLS

Circuit Design

Data Collection and Analusis

Equipment Construction and

Upkeep

Verbal and Written

Communication Active Listening Organization

Leadership

- conrerences

57th Industrial and Commercial Power Systems
iference (2019)

Electrical Safety Workshop
(2019)

- MEMBERSHIPS

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers

- interests
- ™ Renewable Energy [©] Urban Photography

ea) Meditation

John Smith

Dedicated electrical engineer with 8 years of experience designing, testing, and implementing industrial installations. Skilled in AutoCAD, LabVIEW
development, and circuit design. Upgraded several installations by finding out various transmission line faults, minimizing upkeep time by 40%.

- WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer Ness Engineering Inc.

Upgraded and maintained over 20 clients’ installations by finding out transmission line faults using AutoCAD, minimizing upkeep time by
40%.

Designed linear circuits using complex analysis, increasing production efficiency by 25%.

Performed a variety of engineering tasks using computer-assisted design and software.

Communicated with customers and other engineers to discuss the design and implementation of engineering projects that meet
company standards.

Ensured that design, construction, installation, or upkeep of products complies with customer requirements and specifications.

Electrical Engineer Spark Power Corp.

Gathered and analyzed complex data regarding existing and potential electrical engineering projects and studies to write and compile
reports.

Designed and tested electrical circuits for industrial purposes.

Worked with a variety of technicians across departments to ensure compliance with customer needs and requirements.

Supervised and trained project team members.

- EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering University of Colorado Boulder

- certiricates

Certified LabVIEW Developer (valid until 11/2024)

Me

Certified Systems Engineering Professional (valid until 06/2023)

VCCSL

BN novoresume.com


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
University of Michigan