ROBERT SMITH

PMO Director
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

To provide vision and advancement of global organizational goals/business objectives in the areas of Enterprise Program Management, User
Experience/Product Management, Strategic C Level Operational Leadership, IT/IS Application Devyeaopment Execution Program/Project Management.

SEPTEMBER 2013 - 2021 PMO DIRECTOR - ABC CORPORATION

200)

Developed and deivered enterprise level comm plan for effective communication of PMO operational goals, achievernents and barriers Manage
large scale enterprise level projects/programs within the overall strategic Partnership team, between all teams involved including technology, product
development and top brass executive suite heavy client and partner levd engagement and product interaction Work closely with Internal business
development and solution architecture teams to ensure that the partner solutions planned meet the business objectives and are delivered within the
required time and budget constraints.

Oversaw critical milestones which include developing detailed project plan(s) for implementation of Partnership solutions as well as the day-to-day
management of the tasks, dependencies issues reporting and other associated project management tasks necessary to achieve the expected milestones and
outcomes.

Provided critical analydis on risks, issues, and interdependencies.

Provided focused and effective collaboration across several cross-functional teams throughout the various phases of the project to successfully implement a
new application &amp; related process and resource changes are made.
Communicated progress, issues and key learnings to senior leadership, key stakeholders and team members on a regular basis.

Worked on strategic direction to help transform company.

Developed project controls so that objectives are met in a timely and cost effective manner.

8 - 2013

PMO DIRECTOR - DELTA CORPORATION

VA Created proposal and implementation of new TEDS PMO Routine administration-maintenance of PMO and Project Server Provided project ,
Compiled and reported deve opment project estimating to TEDS Contracts Administrator.

Project/Portfolio Management and Reporting to Director of Development.

Led team of 8 employee project managers as wall as several contractor project

- Ths Free Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikres wme.com. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.