Management

CONTACT
-------

Maulti-Task

Hootsuite Academy Social Marketing Hootsuite Academy

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor of Science Public Relations

Portfolio

Overview

Detail-onented and creative public eclations specialist with expenence in social media management, campaigns, cnsis communication, and press
releases. Public relations courses, cernfications, and jobs with similar skill sets are what have helped sct my foot into the ficld and cager to absorb
more knowledge.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Company name.

May 2023- Present

Sales Associate

Efficiently multi-tasked while boutique was at its peak nush hour to keep up with boutique’s standards.

Maintained boatique’s minimalistic nage by strategically placng products on the floor.

Created individual casks that would benefit the store's inventory on the floor to boost customer satisfaction.

Interacted with customers by initiating sincere conversations to build trusting relations

University name Aug 2019- May 2023 Class proeats- Link to, pertialie (Also located ut the bottoms left of pease)
Created campaign T 7" "77S with a team that ultimately was picked by client for the . ” ee Public Library to

Sorority name

display Ebrary’s resources to community.

Constructed press releases for vanous nom profit organizations to promote intended messages to varying stakehoklers in mind.
Customized a crisis communication plan for Peet's Coffee wo time frame.

Dec 2020- Jan 2023

Social Meclia Chaar

Responsible fur all social media posts regarding sorority events, birthdays, and sister achievements to cultivate the organizabon’s image.
Scanned similar pages to interact and maintain relationships with other accounts.

Utilized Canva to meticulously make onginal posts to atcract individuals interested in the sorority,

Maintained social media calendar to ensure deadlines for posts were being met.

Recruitment Chair

Brainsiormed events with other sarucity members to create nebtionshaps on a meaningful level

Taformed on sorority’s mission and values at tabling events to boost relabonships with those whose values aligned.

Created a het of mterestod Ladies an excel sheets and reached out to them to build and maintain relationships.

Organized a tote bag decorating event which increased our contact list by 5 peuple.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).