Robert Smith

Certified Fitness Instructor

PERSONAL STATEMENT

| am looking to be employed in a position that is both innovative and challenging. | have a strong interest in working with my employer to
enhance operations and foster a sense of teamwork arnong fellow staff mernbers. | am open to constructive criticism and advice. | arn fully
computer literate and a quick learner on new programs. | would like to work for a company where | would be able to enhance ry skills and possibly
exceed my own expectations.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Certified Fitness Instructor
Fit Body Bootcamp - June 2016 - 2019 Re sponsibilities:
- Work with a handful of clients directly to develop personal fitness goals. = Promote club programs, products, and services to participants, = Design each class to match the skill and leaming levels of all participants Clean and organize studio after each group fitness. = Keep track of each class size and gauge effectiveness of each class,
= Progressive Leasing Customer Service Representative 08/2015/04/2016 Address customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.
= Give accurate and appropriate inforrnation to answer questions, troubleshoot issues, and resolve complaints.
= Processed payments as well as arranged payment plans,

Fitness Instructor
Chaos Training - 2012 - 2016 Re sponsibilities:
= Scheduled every workout, made sure each person perform their workout to best of their ability.
- Designed circuit daily for each workout plan, = Clients were able to perform workout dernonstrated correctly, = Any poor technique was corrected and performed right. = Everyone was able to cornplete workout,
- Skills Used Motivational skills, kinesiology skill to help each client on their level and lift them to a higher level. = During workout | will make sure all techniques are correct and trainees get a full range of motion, prevent any strain; pull or tare,

EDUCATION
--------- Diploma - (Wayne State University)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Mircosoft office.
Spreadsheets. Excel.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

ictal 1 (Cornpany

Reference - 2 (Company Name)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.