Jamal Jackson

Python Developer / QA Phone: (2123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Automation Tester Website; www.qwikresume.com

Linkedin:

ROBERT SMITH Address 1737 Marsile Road

Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------
Around 5 years total IT experience as a software engineer and Python Developer and Salesforce

Platform. Extensive experience In Python Django web frarne works in implernenting MVC architecture.

SKILLS
------

DJANGO, JAVASCRIPT, MYSQL, PYTHON, CSS

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Python Developer / QA Automation Tester
Accela Inc. - March 2014 - Present

Involved In requirement gathering, analysis, design, estirnation and testing of the assigned
tasks In openstack.

Implemented rally openstack benchmarking tool on the entire cloud environment.

Experience in reviewing python code for running the troubleshooting test-cases and bug issues.

Configuring and managing openstack components such as Keystone, Nova, Neutron, Glance, Swift, Heat.

Written Nova, Glance, Neutron, Cinder, Keystone, Hashboard, Swift, Python client api to Integrate with existing application.

Create a strategic architectural design of the platform with networking (VLANs, Firewalls, Load
Balancers), Hypervisors (KYM and VMware), workflow and orchestration (Openstack APIS, Smart Goud Orchestrator), Security (Keystone, IDAP), Inventory and monitoring, licensing,
backup/restore,

Understanding Python files in openstack environment and make necessary changes if needed.

Python Developer
ABC Corp - March 2011 - March 2014

Conducted scrurn meetings and generated custom dashboards. Knowledge testing tools like bugzilla and jira.

Experience in using various version control systems like git, cvs, github, heroku and amazon
ec2.

Having knowledge on aws larnbda, auto scaling, cloud front, rds, route53, aws sns, sqs, ses;
Extensively used python modules such as requests, urilib, urllib 2 for web crawling.
Developed a fully autornated continuous integration systern using git, gerrit, jenkins, mysql
and custom tools developed in python and bash,

The vanguard group Is an american registered investment advisor based in minneapolis, mn with over $5. 1 trilllon in assets under management.

Create on-dernand daily and weekly reports by invoking scripts with custom arguments and parameters to provide actionable data to the test owners.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines
