CANDIDATE LEVEL: Senior-Level Candidate

CHARLOTTE MAY

Investment Consultant
& (241) @ charlotte40@hotmail.com @ apprehensive-pig.com 9 Birmingham, Egypt

SUMMARY MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY

| am a highly analytical and results-driven Investment Consultant In investing, what is comfortable is
with over 3 years of experience in institutional real estate rarely profitable.

investment management. | have a proven track record of

delivering expert and tangible solutions to meet the diverse

needs of clients. My expertise in valuation, debt management,

and consulting services, combined with advanced financial STRENGTHS modeling skills, enables me to confidently assess risk, manage
investments, and drive financial performance. | am highly skilled in communicating complex ideas and information, collaborating
with cross-functional teams, and staying up to date with industry

4 Critical Thinking Demonstrated exceptional critical thinking

skills by conducting detailed financial analysis and modeling to assess

best practices. | am excited to bring my enthusiasm and investment risks and opportunities.
expertise to contribute to a company's success in solving capital market problems and bringing efficiency and innovation to the gr Communication

changing real estate landscape. Excelled in effectively communicating

complex ideas and information to clients, team members, and senior management

EXPERI ENCE through concise and persuasive verbal and

written communication.

Investment Consultant

Chatham Financial SkI LLS

@8 2022- Ongoing 9 New York, NY

Managed the delivery of solutions for institutional real estate clients resulting in increased client satisfaction and retention. Collaborated with
clients to understand their investment and financing strategies, providing expert and tangible solutions in areas such as valuation, debt Investment Management
management, and consulting services. Conducted detailed financial analysis and modeling to assess risk and report financials.

¢« Reviewed and extracted information from various real estate source documents such as loan agreements, leases, income statements, and

Financial Analysis Valuation

Debt Management

balance sheets, ensuring accuracy and completeness of data and Real Estate Market Analysis
analysis.
- Maintained strong relationships with clients, providing ongoing support Cash Flow Modeling Risk Management

and delivering the highest level of service possible.

- Stayed up to date with industry best practices and applied knowledge to improve the services provided to clients.

- Collaborated with team members and stakeholders to ensure projects and deliverables were completed on time and to the satisfaction of Python SQL R clients. OS

Client Relationship Management Excel

www.enhancv.com Powered by (7 Enhancy
