Associate Electrical Engineer Plenuer (1 S89 288

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH deca sacle

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Highly motivated Electrical Engineering Technician that ls secking a challenging position where |
may continually learn and grow my career. Has strong oral and written communication skills and
works well with other team members. Has knowledge of Microsoft Office products, programming in

©/C++, MATLAB, and Assembly. Also has a solid background in electronics. power systems, control
sysiems, and communications.

PLC, Electrical, Maintenance, Project Management, Programming, Autocad, Solidworks Electrical,
NI Labview, Siemens

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Associate Electrical Engineer
ABC Corporation - March 2014 - Present

Designing control systems for maritime vessels, to include monitoring and alarm systenrs, propulsion control systems, tank levels, engine order telegraphs, and Lachometer systems.
Conducting vessel surveys and providing the estimation of time and resources for systent design, development, and support.

Coordinating with clients to develop purchase technical specifications and develop system performance requirements.

Managing the project through all development and design phases to ensure objectives are met.
Applying a number of engineering practices, techniques, and processes to identify and resolve
problems,

Performing design and analysis utilizing systematic, quantifiable approaches while compiling
with codes and standards prescribed by the U.S,

Providing technical documentation required by regulatory agencies including system manuals,
failure mode effects analysis, periodic salety test procedures, design verification, and in house
testing procedures.

Electrical Engineering Intern

ABC Corporation - May 2013 - March 2014

Documented the process from conceptual drawings lo schematics, test procedures, and operators manuals.

Generated system drawings using AutoCAD to include cable pulls, system interconnections, and tnternal system components.

Evaluated electrical systems, products, components, and applications by designing and conducting research programs; applying knowledge of electricity and materials.

Confirmed systems and components capabilities by designing testing methods, testing propertics.

Developed electrical drawings by studying customer requirements assuring product quality by
designing electrical testing methods, testing finished products and system capabilities.
Attended meetings, conferences, workshops and training sessions, and reviews publications
and audio-visual materials to become and remain current on the principles, practices and new
developments in assigned work areas.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Quwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Conversational English; English as a second language.