Robert Smith

Staff Mechanical Engineer/Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Ahighly effective Engineering Professional (dual US/Canadian citizen) with more than 25 years of experience, who meets challenges head-on and
creates positive change, A creative and detail oriented Individual with a record of success in management, engineering, and design/developrnent. A
strong leader with a solid technical foundation who develops and leads teams, while achieving outstanding results in fast-paced, dynamic business
environments.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Staff Mechanical Eng ineer/Manager
ABC Corporation- November 2009 - july 2013 Responsibilities:
= Designed and developed of mechanical parts and assemblies per marketing requirernents, UL, and FCC standards,
= Created 3-D models in SolidWorks to perform assembly interference checking and tolerances stack-up analysis per design intent and to
generate STEP or IGES files for vendors on tooling design and CNC machining, = Designed and created Mechanical Keep Out (MKO) drawings for EE tearn
to design PCB layout and fabrication.
= Performed finite element analysis (FEA) for plastic parts in Solidworks Simulation for design integrity and part optimization which reduced the
design verification process from 8 to 3 weeks.
= Wrote test protocols and plans.
- Coordinated with lab technician to run tests and collect data for evaluation. = Conducted DOE on enclosure cooling design and draw the best conclusion based on the experimental test data,

Staff Mechanical Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2009 Re sponsibilities:
- Optima Ultracentrifuge - Eliminated a high-pitched noise that had been plaguing the drive design for many years. » Used FEA and experimental methods in the optimization of this patented design. = Optimized airflow for efficient cooling and quiet operation using CFD.
- Stiffened instrument frame to eliminate undesirable vibration using FEA.
- Characterized thermal perforrnance of test chamber. = Designed mechanical layout of rotor drive inverter board,
- Analytical Centrifuge - Designed 8 new interferorneter to replace one based on an obsolete camera.

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Modal Analysis, FEA, NVH, Noise And Vibrations Analysis And Control Technologies, Sound And Vibration,

LANGUAGES English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).