CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Thomas Johnson

Investment Banking Analyst

An Investment Banking Analyst with 2+ years of experience eager to join the JP Morgan Chase
Ibanking Department. Worked on 10+ sell-side and buy-side M&A deals each worth about $1B on average. Prepared valuations for 10+ venture-funded startups and IPO/M&A candidates.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
2016-01 - Investment Banking Analyst
2017-08 HSBC, New York, NY
- Interacted with high-profile clients and various levels of management, as an integral part of engagement teams on 10+ full cycles of transactional execution.

Developed valuations as well as created and analyzed financial models, and conducted financing, comparative, and pro forma analyses.Performed
precedent transaction analyses in Excel.

Delivered engaging marketing pitches to C-suite members of 20+ large international corporate clients.

Assisted in the preparation of over 50 PowerPoint decks based on client

materials.

Key achievements:

- Assisted and supported a deal team on a successful $3.5B acquisition of a public company by a large private equity firm.

- Thanks to exceptional judgment and relationship-building skills, built a network of 50+ trusted internal and external contacts.

- Prepared a thorough financial model that discovered that a major client was

undervalued by 20% in a buy-side M&A deal.

EDUCATION
---------
2013-08 - Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
2016-06 Economics, BA

GPA: 3.95

Coursework:

Econometrics (incl. training in STATA)

Competition and strategy

Games and economic behavior

The economics of financial intermediaries and markets

Political economy of China

Extracurricular activities:
Dartmouth Emerging Markets Group, Member Dartmouth Quant Traders, Member

INTERESTS
---------

- Downhill skiing
- Postcolonial literature
- Astrophotography

Personal Info Phone
123-564-1119

E-mail
tjohnson@gmail.com

Linkedin
linkedin.com/in/t Twitter

twitter.com/t.johnson

Languages German eeeee Fluent Mandarin Chinese eeeee Fluent

KEY SKILLS
---------- Transactional experience eeeee Advanced Qualitative analysis eeeee Advanced Quantitative analysis
eeeee Advanced Valuation eeeee Proficient MS Excel eeeee Advanced Public speaking eeee Very good
