Food and Beverage Manager CV Sample

‘Your Complete Name/Your Current Address/Your Phone Number/Your Email/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
--------------------

Having always been a fan of the dynamic work environment, |am pleased to be able to offer a number of bespoke skills within the food and beverages industry. Not only has my past
employment focused upon this sector, but | have bolstered my hands-on experience with numerous training courses and certifications over the years. This makes me an ideal
candidate for a management position. | am also looking to pass my knowledge off to others who may be just entering this amazing environment. | am also known for my hard work, my
excellent communication skills and my ability to cater to the needs of the individual customer.
| believe that all of these talents are absolutely essential in our modern times.

Core Qualifications

@ Level 2 Food and Safety Hygiene for Catering (City & Guilds accredited).

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
2013-present: District Manager of a London-based restaurant franchise. Duties include:

® Supervising the ongoing operations of four different properties.
@ Addressing the needs of approximately 45 employees and junior management @ Inventory control, financial aucits and continuous quality improvement.

2009-2013: Shift Supervisor. Responsibilities included:

@ All areas of food preparation.

® Health and safety compliance.

@ Employee management.

® Client relations and general customer service enquiries.

2006-2009: Server/Host. Some oreas of expertise revolved around:

® Food handling and preparation.
@ Cash flow monagement.
®@ Front desk greeter.

EDUCATION
---------

® King’s College London: Business and Management Studies, 1998-2001.
®@ Lancaster University: Accounting and Finance BSc {Hons}, 2001-2003.

REFERENCES
----------

All further references will be happily provided upon request. So, it should be clear to appreciate the work that must go into your presentation. This food and beverage manager
CV sample is intended to serve as a rough template and guide when creating your own professional summary. We encourage you to have a look at the other employment tools at
your disposal throughout this website.


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University