Maria Garcia

1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama
PL/SQL Developer (123)-456-7890 info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com PERSONAL STATEMENT Oracle PL/SQL Developer with over 8 years of experience in the field of SKILLS
software development Experience in Perl, Oracle and Unix Expertise in Microsoft Project, MS
financial Industries based applications including trading systems. Excellent Excel, MS Access, T-SQL,

database knowledge on RDBMS like Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL Solid experience in

Perl programming using with JavaScript and Html. Experience in Oracle SQL paeaaerece:
queries and PL/SQL scripts, procedures, functions, triggers and packages i y pt and query optimization.

WORK EXPERIENCE LANGUAGES English (Native) PL/SQL Developer French (Professional)
Jpmorgan Chase - July 2013 - Present Spanish (Professional) Responsibilities:

- Involving in database development by creating Oracle PL/SQL functions, INTERESTS procedures, triggers, packages, records, and collections.

- Creating database objects like SQL queries, tables, joins stored Climbing procedures using Oracte utilities like PL/SQL, SQL plus, SQL server. tome = Involving in performance tuning for complex SQL queries using explain Reading

plan tables, collections, and table partitions to optimize performance.
= Generating SQL and PL/SQL scripts to create and drop database objects

including tables, views, primary keys, indexes, constraints, packages, REFERENCES sequences, grants, and synonyms.
= Involving in application enhancements according to user requirements, Reference - 1 (Company
- Building physical data structures like tables, views, constraints &amp; bfettete = 2 (Company indexes. Narne)

= Working with SQL loader and control files to load the data In different schema tables,

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
ABC Corp - 2010 - 2013 Responsibilities:
- Conducted database administrative work to support the production system
- Provided support for Q4 and Development systerns.
- Identified opportunities to fine-tune and optimize database systems. = Designed, coded, and tested the technical solutions. = Identified the systern deficiencies and recommending solutions. = Met aggressive development deadlines and schedules, = Worked assignments to mernbers of the team, and monitoring their workload.

EDUCATION
---------

Master Of Computer Application - 2009 (Maharshi Dayanand University )Bachelor Of Science - (Maharshi Dayanand University )

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
