Risk consultant CV template

AREAS OF EXPERTISE PERSONAL SUMMARY Rusk workshops A experienced professional with over 3 years invaluable experience of risk

and procedures. A motivated team player with extensive health & safety skills,

Writing and preparing leadership abilities and able to assemble and manage multi discipline project teams.
safety cases Able to utilize various analytical procedures to identify internal problems a business
may have, possible corporate threats, and potential financial losses. Possessing real Performing audits drive, a willingness to succeed and a positive, proactive approach.
Compile risk assessment Seeking to develop a career in the Health & Safety industry, Currently looking for a
reports suitable position with a company that provides potential to grow and develop.
Training staff WORK EXPERIENCE Health& Safety Ci
Designing risk RISK CONSULTANT - Marr 2008 - Present management procedures Working out of a office, supporting a range of clients, providing high quality,
business, and promoting value adding relationships with existing clients.
Duties:
PROFESSIONAL Advise clients regarding legislative compliance.
Ensuring that corporate policies adhere to governmental regulations.
NEBOSH Diploma © Technical report writing.
Managing internal controls to ensure they are functional and adequate.
CMIOSH Carrying out compliance audits.

Reviewing operational procedures and guidelines,

Managing and participating in a diverse array of safety studies, PERSONAL SKILLS Taking ownership and responsibility for service delivery to clients.

- Carry out client facing and service delivery activities,

Flexible attitude EXPERIENCE AND KEY COMPETENCIES Communicating skills @ Ability to work in a safe and efficient manner.
An eye for detail Implement the overall risk management process for an organisation.
Fluent in German e Safety reports and their supporting hazard, risk and consequence assessments.
Experience in building surveying and an understanding of building construction.
Problem solving @ Highly organised with good planning skills & ability to meet strict deadlines.

- Safety Management System (IMS) development experience.

Can explain ideas clearly and have strong negotiating skills.

- Familiar with a wide variety of hazard identification and hazard analysis techniques. Target driven with unlimited amounts of energy and enthusiasm,


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.