JOHN H. SMITH

P.O. Bok 1673+ Callahan, FL32011* 800-991-S187+ Info@greatresumesfast.com

MARKET SALES MANAGER Proven Sales, Training & Leadership Excellence
Highly accomplished, top-performing market sales manager with more than 12 years of proven success in delivering top-ranking
individual and team sales performance throughout market territories. Talented team builder successfully hires and develops
talented managers and sales force through hands-on leadership, dearly defined goals, and consistent follow-up. Recognized
companywide for excellence in building long-term partnerships throughout all client and corporate levels, and for creating simple
and effective tools to streamline processes, drive best practices, and exceed all goals in service, sales, and profit.

Key Areas of Impact

- Market Sales Management * Negotiation & Influencing * Executive Presentations * Business Turnaround
- Training/ Employee Development = * Multichannel! Sales * Metrics Management * Communication & Follow-up
- Financial Analysis & Planning * Motivation & Coaching * B2B Sales * New Business Development

Technical Proficiencies include: MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Outlook, TIM Scheduling System, Aspect
Communication Queue Monitoring System, E-Fax, Adabe 5.5 and 6.1

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

MARKET SALES MANAGER, MERCHANT SERVICES, Los Angeles, CA (2008-present)
Lead and manage the company’s highest-perfarming team of 15-20 business-to-business (B28) outside sales professionals in the
sales of non-cash payment processing solutions to businesses with varying financial needs. Recruit, train, develop, motivate, and
retain a talented team of high-performing sales and management professionals. Reviews finandal plans and profit goals and
establishes weekly metrics for success. Participates in sales meetings and delivers presentations as an executive-level
representative, and provide one-on-one coaching to optimize individual performance.

- Led a dramatic turnaround in performance and morale within this under-producing region. Rebuilt damaged partnerships, hired and trained a strong team, and worked closely with departmental sales leaders to identify issues, solve problems, establish goals, and align productivity with corporate standards. Drove best practices in partner communications to regain trust and reestablish business opportunity.

- Streamlined training processes through the creation of quick reference guides to guide new-hire processes, credit efficiency, bank visits, prospecting and cold calling, pricing, and optimizing revenue.


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.