PROJECTS
--------

PROGRAMS

HARD SKILLS

SOFT SKILLS

MICHAEL ANGELO GO autnarémichaeiargetoga. com

628 905.9629

ww. michaptongelags.com

744 S Bender Ave, Glendora. CA. 97740.

EDUCATION
---------

Calitornia State Potytechnic University, Pomona.

Bachelor's Degree of Architecture. Aug 2015 «May 2020.

- Velunteered to introduce and inspive freshman at the Augustus Hawkins High School of Los Angeles to the field of architecture and urban plarwring.

- Decent and Tour Guide of the Neutra VDL Howse of Los Aragetes

- Teaching Ald for first and secord-yeor architecture students.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

RLM. Byrd and Associates, nc. | Ontario, CA

CAD Draftsman, Sep 2001 Ape 2022

Proyect Experience: Det Set Acattorry: Crattan Hits Cottage, Cheparrat High Schock Worked closely with principat and project manager to produce construction
documents and details for SGH Architects and PBK-WLC

Kirill Volchinsky/Necils Lopez Design |Remote

Remote Designer. Aw 2022 - May 2021

Project Eqpertenice: Custorn Horees.
Asshteat Co-Founder remotely in the phan design, and construction documents af custom additions to homes in Ihe Lynwood area.

Moreto, Mathison & Associates Architects | Glendora CA

Antern Designer. Nov 2029 Febs 2020

Project Experienae Bircérman Hall Jepavese Gerchens, Libary Studien! Heath Services

> Worked closely with the principats to produce construction documents, schematics and detaits far California State University, Long Beach.

Wade Shuey Construction Services Designs | Ontario, CA

Design-Drofting Intern, Mor 2029 - Aug 2019

Provect Experience: Condenes Morketpkaces. Trader Joe's. and Custom Warehouses.
Produced constrection documents ond deliverables for plans and Myouts of marketplaces warehouses and custom homes acress the Inland Empire

Martin-Nevell Group | Brea,CA

Contracted Joint-Vertuse Bit Modeler, Aug 2018 - One 2008

Proyect Experian: Sat Rares Stechuem a! leglewced Cositornis Contracted under Aerotek to work at Martin Nevel Group to proxfuce
contraction documents and doiverabies for pins and layouts ef hathwaays and moms within the Sah RAMS Stadium,

‘Miran Enterprises LLC. | Harbor City, CA

Parttiome Drafter. su 2018 Ma 2019

Project Experience Matbu Retirement Horne.

- Worked directly with principal to design and droft construction documents for Malibu Retireenent home,

ARStructures | Glendora, CA

Intern Designer. A#2017- Aug 2020

Proyect Experience Home Renowetions Worked divectty with clents under supervision of principal to design additions
and renowations for homes and anal businesses in Glendora and Monrovia.


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.