Helen Mackay

Junior Python Developer | | L
\ +1-271-199-8643 @ helen.mackay@gmail.com. | @ Chicago, IL

SUMMARY
-------

Junior database developer with Python Associate in Programming certification. Knowledgeable in data fetching and organization,
data visualisation, MySQL, MongoDB and AWS. Some knowledge ML algorithms.

EDUCATION
---------

B.S. in Computer Systems and

Technologies University of Chicago
64 2014-2018 9 Chicago, IL

GPA

3.9 / 4.0

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Junior Python Developer

Hudson Cloud Computing

64 2018- Ongoing 9 Chicago, IL

Hudson Is a USA-based IT Services firm specializing in Enterprise Mobility,

Information Management, and Cloud-based solutions.

- Working in a team of 15 people

- Taken active part in all development phases of 4 new products - research, design, development, testing, Cl/CD

- Maintaining large databases and collaborating with colleagues on the reduction of software maintenance expenses - decreasing the costs by 15% in just 1 year

- Visualised over 20 datasets with MatPlotlib

Python Database Developer Intern

Wolf

(4 2017-2018 + Chicago, IL

Wolf is a website with SOOK unique clicks/month and with more than 8 million

products in the database where customers can check the price of any product

In the most famous US electronics stores.

- Designed and implemented web application for new requirements in just 3- 4 weeks which Is production ready

- Integrated 8 APIs for fetching prices, product information and photos from 3rd party sources

- Completed 150 hours of Data fetching and organization training

PROJECTS
--------

Convolutional Neural Network Based Emotions

Recognition System

(4 2017- Ongoing 9 University of Chicago

@ github.com/vynihit/CNN-Emotions-Recognition

A CNN based emotions recognition system, built with Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow

and OpenCV -

- 86% degree of accuracy and confidence for real-time emotions recognition

- Potential applications in - Behavioural analysis, real time analysis of customer satisfaction in retail settings; automatic photography

www.enhancy.com

t " 2 githubsto/helen.pytion J " gt ™®, | Z

SKILLS
------

Programming

Python SQL JavaScript

Data Skills

MongoDB MySQL AWS NumPy

MatPlotlib ML Algorithms Scikit learn TRAINING / COURSES

Python for Data Science & Al IBM, 75% of course completed

Complete Data Science Bootcamp with
Python, 2019

By 365 Career Team, 100% of course completed, Grade A

Ethical Hacking and Network Security

By Zaid Sabih, 100% of course completed, Grade B+

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

PCAP
The Python Institute, 2019

STRENGTHS 5 i Quick Learner

Learning new skills, technologies, and roles comes naturally to me.

- Effective Communicator

Communication has played an essential part in working on a variety of projects.

& Accountability

| take ownership of my mistakes so that!
learn what | did wrong.

Poweredby (CX? Enhancu


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.