ETL Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH emmy)

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------
Over 8+ years of experience in Information Technology with a strong back ground in Analyzing,

Designing, Developing, Testing, and Implementing of Data Warehouse development in various domains such as Banking, Insurance, Health Care, Telecom and Wireless.

SKILLS
------

Microsoft SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012, Oracle 10G and Oracle 11, SQL Server BIDS, Microsoft
Visual Studio 2012, Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Visio, Toad for Oracle, Toad for Data
Modeler, Peoplesoft CRM.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - january 2010 - February 2011

Involved In understanding the business requirernents and translate them to technical solutions.

Worked for preparing design documents and interacted with the data modelers to understand the data model and design.

Created new mappings and updating old mappings according to changes in Business logic.
Involved in migrating project from UAT to Production,

Setting up of the local Informatica environment on the client machines which included the connectivity and access to the data sources, taking the necessary steps to set up the
Relational Connectivity variables in the Workflow manager etc.

Created XML targets based on various mon XML sources.

Generated sequence numbers using Informatica logic without using the sequence generator.

ETL Developer
ABC Corporation - March 2006 - Septernber 2008

Responsibilities Designed the mappings between sources (external files and databases) to operational staging targets.

Experience with high volurne datasets frorn sources like DB2, Oracle and Flat Files,

Loaded data from various sources using different transformations like Source Qualifier, Joiner,
Aggregators, Connected & Unconnected lookups, Filters, Router, Expression, Rank Union, and
Update Strategy & Sequence Generator.

Experience in writing PL/SQL scripts, Stored Procedures and functions and debugging thern.
Responsible for Migration of Stored Procedures into Informatica Mappings for improving performance issue,

Involved in Performance Tuning of application by identifying bottlenecks in SQL, thus providing Inputs to the application prograrnmer, thereby correcting and implementing the
right components.

Created Session Task, Ernail and Workflow to execute the mappings,

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University