Maria Garcia

PROFILE
-------

Philip is committed to building the physical world that supports daily life.
He strives for excellence and iz an expert in making the best use of resources, budgets and manpower to meet an engineering project: goals
As 2 true professional he will always uze his engineering judgement to carefully consider the relative costs and benefit: of potential actions. Right
now, he iz looking for 2 suitable new position with 2 reputable company.

CONTACT CAREER

Deyjo.com, 120 vyse Street, B'ham 2016-Present CIVIL ENGINEER Company Responsible for managing complex new construction

0123 436 7890 projects. Applying for the right budding permits and rafety certificates. Involved in a number of complex

ato@osyjob.com feasibility studies. Making bridges and buildings safe.

Deciding which machinery and plant to use.
Unkedin.com/yourname Monitoring construction progress on projects

Reviewing reports on productivity performance.
Facebook.com/yourneme Preparing tenders, drawing: and calculations.

Liaising with architects, builders and local groups.

SKILLS 2015 - 2016 CIVIL ENGINEER Company

Involved in the design and construction af important bridges. Ensuring that built structures are safe and
functional. Supervising the work of other engineers.
Being creatve when solving problems. Identifying building sites that have the bezt foundation.

Detigning the frameworks of buildings, towers and bridges.

Experience of working on 2 wide range of projects across the world.
2024 - 2015 CIVIL ENGINEER Company

Presenting findings toa professional and Responsible for making important decision that will have

Neh stadard. a direct impact on an Engineering project. Conducting

complex drilling and sampling programmes. Involved in applications. Preparing specifications of soil mixtures.

EDUCATION
---------

2013 - 2014 CIVIL ENGINEER Company Responsible for managing projects from proposal to construction and then to completion. Translating 2

Universityname Course details
2014 - 2017 College name Course details client's idea into reality. Reviewing supplied drawings
2012-2014

school name Course details

2008 - 2012 REFERENCES

Referee name Referee name
108 TITLE - Company 108 TITLE - Company
E:info@dayjob.com E: info@dayjob.com Your relationship Your relationship

English (A) Maths (B) Physics (C)
