Robert Smith

Health Advocate

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Innovative professional with a diverse background in education and

customer service includes organizational development, understanding self

and others, as well as demonstrating cornmitment and resiliency in

different types of work settings. Proficiently identify actual and potential

problern areas quickly and implernenting solutions in adherence to

Sea Renae CR procedures maintaining quality within 4 specified time nes.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Health Advocate
ABC Corporation- March 2006 - August 2013 Re sponsibilities:

= Provided Health and safety support services to children, parents and staff of State Preschool, School Readiness, Cal-Safe and Family
Childcare Programs by providing informational materials on various health topics and hosting parent education classes.

= Collaborated with school staff, partner agencies, medical professionals and volunteers to assist in hearing, vision and dental screenings at
yearly health fair.

= Collected data and advised farnily of those results and made referrals for those children identified as having 4 health concern.

= Provided case management or interventions designed to promote health, prevent illness and address barriers to access to health care and
was responsible for updating files In order to document familys utilization and retention in each health Insurance program.

- Attended community outreach events throughout Santa Barbara county offering information on low-cost health insurance and establishing outstation support services in order to better assist farnilies with initial application or Annual Eligibility Renewal for Healthy Families/Healthy Kids/Medi-Cal.

= Participated and conducted Healthy Kids Eligibility and Enrollment training to other applicant assistants,

- Screened families to determine eligibility for Cal-Fresh and assist with or-line application or quarterly reports,

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2006 Responsibilities:
- Claims processing, customer service, benefit questions, claims research. = Conducted research on eczerna and teen depression, = Conducted a talk on Teen Depression at The Youth Dreamers House.
- Assisted in organizing the school supply drive at The House of Ruth.
- Assisted in organizing the clothing drive at Pauls Place Received an award for most friendly employee. = Was selected to be a Peer Health Advocate and was trained to handle

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume. corn. Usage Guiielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------ MS Office, Administrative

Appointments, Filing, Record Keeping, Creating Spreadsheets Such As Quick Reference.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

REFERENCES
---------- Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference ~ 2 (Company Name)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.