CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

KAPSIMALIS

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

SUMMARY
-------

Innovative Electrical Engineer with varied professional experience in multi-discipline engineering teams. Experienced in control system,
electrical design, process control, and automation concepts. Comprehensive Electrical Engineering
and Project’ Management experience involving Sensors, Communication Networks, Power Distribution and Facility Construction. Possess
extensive experience with Government and Commercial projects in design, development, test and production of energy and sensor systems to
reduce costs and improve efficiency. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation
skills used to understand all phases of product development, Expertise includes System and
Network Analysis - Design and Construction Management of facilities ~ Electrical Systems and
Communication Networks.

SKILLS
------

Licensed Professional Engineer (LA, MD, TN & PA)

Extensive application experience with electrical system design and National Electric Codes (NEC).
Working knowledge with low valtage (600V and below) equipment.

Design expertise in control panel wiring, line diagrams, electrical systems studies & investigations, power distributions, and lighting
systems.

EDUCATION
---------

Master's in Electrical Engineering-3.4GPA

California State University Los Angeles Los Angeles, CA

CONTACT ME

Cell: +1 578-200-7295
Clem@resumesbot.com
3197 Tree Frog Lane, Easton, MO 64443

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Black & Veatch, Centennial, CO| Oct. 2016 - Present

- Perform substation engincering services on various projects (from Medium to High voltage level)

- Prepare electrical protection & control deliverables for medium and high voltage substations.

- Design substations utilizing client standards including bill of materials, yard layouts, plans, sections and details, grounding, ground grid, control building arrangements, interior and exterior raceways, auxiliary AC and DC power systems, and circuit lists,

- Prepare calculations, equipment specifications, proposal development & Cost estimates.

- Prepare new and modified existing relay drawings including relay panel arrangements, one line, SCADA, Communications, three lines, AC schematics, DC schematics, equipment wiring, and relay panel wiring

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Northrop Grumman, Centennial, CO | Jul, 20138 = Mar, 2016

- Aided in the development of 4 MW power plant, expedited purchasing time 90% by providing quick feedback

- Reviewed engineering design drawings ahead of schedule and proactively coordinated with contractors and suppliers.

- Improved project schedule by three (3) weeks for cables installation, terminations and insulations.

- Prepared reports and presentations for management and stakeholders.

- Involved in meeting with engineering team to understand and analyze the new requirements, design and expansion activities

Check out more Engineering, Science and Technology Resume Examples here:

https://resumesbot.com/engine

cience-technology-re >xamples/
