PMO analyst CV Sample

{Jonathan Smith / 12, Church Lane, Market Rasen, Lincolnshire / 01426 801357/
jsmith@hootmail.com /

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
--------------------

Akeen, mofivatec and qualified business analyst, with experience of seeing projects of varying scale through from initiation to completion in busy project management offices.
Offering a full understanding of the importance of project defivery on time and within budget.
Currently looking to progress by engaging in a PMO analyst post in a large organisation,
ideally with opportunities for specialisation, challenging business projects and professional
development.

Professional Qualifications

@ PRINCE2® Foundation & Practitioner, including exams- 365-ITP Training Ltd., Lincoln
(2013) @ Full driving licence.

KEY SKILLS
----------

® Strong information management ability, particularly MS Exce! extraction, formulae, pivot tables and graphs.

®@ Positive personality and productive team worker

® Clear thinker: adapt at facilitating discussion.

®@ Excellent communicator.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
Senior Business Analyst, Lindummis Ltcd., South Hykeham, Lincoln (February 2015 to date).

®@ Supporting the PMO Manager with consultancy. contract and after-sales customer core projects.

®@ Monitoring progress and preparing management information, including exception reporting.

@ Attending regular review meetings: making presentations to small groups.

® Helping to implement improvements.

Business Analyst - Simonson’s Group, Boddington Roag, Lincoin (September 2012 to January
2015 - training position, later promoted to analyst post}.

® Working with experienced analysts and gaining an appreciation of Prince methodologies in practical business environments.

® Liasing with development and implementation teams to achieve weekly and monthly objectives.

® Resolving unexpected issues, bringing them to management attention when appropricte.

® Ad hoc data management tasks as required.

EDUCATION
--------- Academic Qualifications

B.Sc.{Hons.} Business and Enterprise Development, Lincoln Business School, 2012. A+evels:
Computer Science (A), Business Studies {A}. English Language (8) - The Priory Academy LSST,
Lincoln, 2009.

REFERENCES
----------

Available on request.

Conclusion Call to Action

This PMO analyst CV sample is one of several that provide assistance. support ond valuable
insight when composing co CV for project management office analyst positions. Job seekers are also invited to use the tools and CV builder on this site.


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
University of Michigan