Lakisha Washington

Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; InfoS@awikresume,cor

Website > vow. qwikre sume, com

Sap Abap Develop e Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

an experienced SAP technical Consultant with 9 years of software development as SAP ABAP /CRM
Technical Consultant. During this period, involved in multiple phases of SAP lifecycle process such
as implementation, Support, upgrade and enhancernent projects. Good Experience on SAP ABAP -
Data dictionary objects, Classical Reports, ALV Reports, Forms (Scripts and Smart forms), User
exists, BAD! 'S, BAPI'S , CAMS, Function modules , Pricing Routines , Data Migration Techniques -
LSMW (Legacy systerns migration workbench) & BDC (Batch Data Commmunication),Module pool programming, RFC'S ,Enhancement framework, IDOC'S and Object Oriented ABAP.

SKILLS
------

SAP ABAP, SAP Workflow, SAP WebDynpro, SAP ALE/EDL.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Sap Abap Developer
ABC Corporation - April 2011 - December 2013

- Worked on enhancernerits and developments, by getting requirernents directly from the

business users, and designing the Technical specifications,

- Worked on reports, BAPIs, ALE, IDOCs, Interfaces, Conversions, BDC, LSMW, SAP Script)/SAP Smart forms and User exits Coordinated with basis team regarding OSS, Support Packs and Transport management,

Expertised in Performance techniques STOS, ST12, SE30 and SAT.

Created clear technical docurnents with all the logic and methodologies used,

Knowledged transfer to the client&rsquo;s IT tearm,

Optimized the code using Perforrnance Analysis tools,

Responsible for creating and maintaining sap security roles and users ina sox environment using saps.

Sap Abap Developer
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2011

- Client Description SPP Pumps and systems are installed in all continents providing valuable high integrity services for diverse industries, such as oil and gas production, water and waste water treatment, power generation, construction, mines and for large Industrial plants.

- Itis no wonder that since SPP Fire was formed in 1875, it has built a reputation for quality and. value that has made it unquestionably the leading supplier of Approved Fire Protection Purnping Packages throughout the World.

- Roles and Responsibilities Analyzing the Functional Inputs and development of Technical

specification docurnents for the developments assigned.

Object developrnent and review of the development requests assigned,

Interacting with functional tearn to resolve the issues in the given objects,

Designed the Unit test cases and done testing for other objects developed by the tearn, Resolving the tickets and Defects.

EDUCATION
---------
MS In IT Management - August 2013(University Of Texas At Dallas- Dallas, TX)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Grukie lings
