Robert Smith hore Sasbibae

Email: info@qwikresurme.com.

Sr. Database Analyst Website : www, qwikresume, com

Linkedin: linkedin, corm/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Detail oriented IT Professional with over 15 years experience as an IT Database/QA Analyst
Specialist. Skilled at operating in a wide range of platforms, excellent written and verbal
communication skills and an expert in explaining complex software issues in easy-to-comprehend
tems.

SKILLS
------

SQL, Excel, Medical Terrninology, MySQL, Microsoft Word, Data Entry / 51 Plus Wprn, Microsoft
Office Access 2007, PowerPoint Presentations 2007, SQL Statements, Query Building, And
Microsoft SQL Server Management 2008,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Sr, Database Analyst
Google - October 2011 - August 2015

implement daily, weekly, and monthly reports online by reviewing and approving new product
tables therapeutic class while assisting in making therapeutic dass decisions when necessary,
Assigns products names via MediSpan through system generated ids which the specialist creates and are then called brand names for In-house client database tables,

Consist of system generated ids for strengths, forms, manufacturers, and corporations which
analyst creates as well as USC codes for new NDCS which are not yet placed into database tables.

Analyze data with the ability to identify all data discrepancies with the authority to make the
necessary changes.

Create multiple operational reporting tools such as PL/SOL query statements to extract data
to create an excel spreadsheet.

Research the Internet (google, daily med, price Rx, and facts and comparisons answers etc.)
to maintain data integrity.

Match new forms and routes, also package combination to form nurmbers,

Reference Data QA Analyst
Sdi Health, Lic - January 2000 - October 2011

Supported efforts by analyzing the pharmaceutical product, payer, and provider data using Microsoft Access, Oracle, toad, PLSQL, and SOL for external clients likGenentechch and
Glaxosmithkline,

Provided and maintained data integrity of product databases against daily, weekly, and monthly updates.

Interfaced with external clients and provided lucid interpretations of the large amounts of
data,

Trained managerial and co-workers staff on these departmental policies.

Achieved a substantial increase in the speed and efficiency of database development and
improved product consistency by creating software tools to generate io modules, tables, and
views.

Manage data quality and data integrity standards for daily vendor data transfer.
Automating data processes and improving workflow Integration with existing systems,

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resime Tempimte ls the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guilctelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.