BPO Manager Phone: (123) 456 78 99

ROBERT SMITH

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com Website; wwweqwikresume.corm Linkedin:

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------
As a BPO Manager, responsible for managing multiple outsourcing projects per year, conducting

due diligence analysis, and Incorporating findings by creating a project plan and a business case
to support the move of each work strearn reviewed,

SKILLS
------

Compliance, Risk Managernent.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

BPO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2003

Responsible for drafting and reviewing financial staternents with key stakeholders for productivity savings for each business case,

Responsible for identifying process inefficiencies through gap analysis.

Responsible for mapping process activities to desired outcomes to rectify operational inefficiencies.

Responsible for recommending operational improvernents based on tracking and analysis, Responsible for conducting interviews with key business users to collect information on
business processes and user requirements.

Responsible for maintaining a professional, organized, and safe environment for employees and patrons.

Responsible for resolving staff rernber conflicts, actively listening to concerns, and finding
appropriate middle ground.

BPO Manager
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2000

Responsible for drafting and reviewing financial staternents with key stakeholders for productivity savings for each business case,

Responsible for identifying process inefficiencies through gap analysis.

Responsible for mapping process activities to desired outcomes to rectify operational inefficiencies,

Responsible for recommending operational improvernents based on tracking and analysis, Responsible for conducting interviews with key business users to collect information on
business processes and user requirements.

Responsible for maintaining a professional, organized, and safe environment for erployees and patrons.

Responsible for resolving staff rember conflicts, actively listening to concerns, and finding
appropriate middie ground.

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).