CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; InfoG@awikresume,cor

Strategy Consultant Website : wornw.qwikresume,com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------
Accomplished business leader with 10 years of diverse experience in corporate strategy, strategic

planning, and product management. Proven track record advising Fortune firms and leading business.

SKILLS
------

Advanced MS Office, Lean Six Sigma Black Belt, PMI Project Management.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Strategy Consultant
ABC Corporation - August 2011 - August 2014

VP of Product Management of Coupon advertising leader, managed a tear to develop growth strategy.

Developed a business model and product strateqy for new consumer analytics and targeting platforrn with annual revenue.

Guided executive leadership and tearn in launching Retailer IQ,

Wrote a business plan to secure funding from investors.

Drove market assessment and product definition by designing an economic models and business cases.

Built best-in-class digital advertising ROI model.

Recommended centralized business unit and go-to-market plan.

Strategy Consultant
ABC Corporation - 2009- 2011

New York Specialized in diverse Business and Technology Prograrn Management roles for CitiGroups Global Consumer Group division.

Directly supported key initiatives for the CEO and Executive Management Teams for Citibank.
Managed the Concierge CRM Program and supported the Executive Sponsor and Stakeholders,

Redefined the governance model and implemented an innovative development process.
Modified and enhanced the testing methodology to include a Business Acceptance Testing
validation phase, resulted in a more efficient process to identify and reduce software defects..
This Is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,
This Is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION
---------

M.B.A. In Strategy and Finance - 2007(University of Washington, Foster School of Business -
Seattle, WA)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines
