PROFESSIONAL

SUMMARY
-------

SKILLS
------

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

EDUCATION &

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor

©& (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Finance Professional with hands-on experience in Quantitative Analysis and Simulations, Data Analysis,
Project Management, M&A, Construction Management, Engineering Finance, SAP and working collaboratively
with Global Teams.

Preparing Models

Business Development Assistance Expense and Revenue Analysis Account Reconciliation

General Ledger Journal Entry Project Planning

Financial Management

MS Office Suite

GAAP and Statutory Reporting Payroll and Benefits Administration Data Research and Analysis
Advanced Financial Analysis Forecasting Trends

Financial Modeling

GAAP Principles Expertise Strategic Financial Planning Database Management

Due Diligence

Finance

Valuations

S/4 HANA

Power BI

SAP Implementation Management Advanced SAP Knowledge

Data Warehousing and Analytics Project Leadership

Contract Development

Project Estimation and Bidding Budgetary Controls

Contract Management Procurement Contracts Microsoft SQL

Financial Administration Procurement Strategies

P2P Purchases

Vendor Relations

Supply Contract Negotiation Vendor Coordination

Managing Vendors

Cost Savings

FINANCE MANAGR Digital Trends | Chicago, IL

As a member of the key account team supporting/managing JP Morgan's keygrowth initiatives related to the
maintenance and acquisition of Data Centers and banking facilities across U.S.

Responsible for the development and reporting of project budgets, a compilation of financial
statements, proforma financials, and decision support to Account and Client M.G.T. teams

Review and provide input to sales, purchase and development agreements, supplier and service
contracts, devise negotiation strategies and present simulations to stakeholders.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to plan project deliverables, review activity and progress
reports, and generate and present funding requests to Client (reimbursable expenses)

Recurring tasks include monthly and quarterly reporting, review/reclassification of G/L entries, coding,
and invoicing into COUPA, cash flow forecasting and planning

Trained new and existing staff members in various financial procedures to prepare for job requirements.
Evaluated project applications and verified with outline specifications to approve, reject and recommend

.

adjustments.

FICANCIAL ANALYST Digital Trends | Los Angeles, CA

Primary responsibility included supporting Head of Fuel-Systems Engineering Group in administration and
management of Group's finance and procurement related topics

Assisted technical teams in strategizing new product/feature introductions and assessment of other
engineering changes; developed tools to analyze cost curves and maximize R.O.I.

Facilitated financial reviews between Engineering and Corporate Finance teams; provided commentary
on Group's activities, OpEx and CapEx trends, risk register, and cash flows

Lead PD. budget and performance reporting processes; communicated intergroup budget allocations,

.

spending, and cost reduction targets and initiatives

SAP Technologies

SAP Proficiency

SAP Controlling (CO)

Data Mapping

Project Support

User Acceptance Testing (UAT) Team Meetings

Statistical Data Analysis

SAP APO

Portfolio Construction Quantitative Modeling Quantitative Research Regression Algorithms

Key Performance Indicators (KPI) Investment Strategy Unstructured Data

Business Intelligence Data Modeling Statistical Techniques

Linear Regression

Portfolio Optimization

Machine Learning

Manage Budgets

Microsoft Outlook

Financial Statements

SAP Crystal Reports

Microsoft Access

Cost Management

Financial Analysis

Financial Planning

Financial Portfolio Management SAP Business Objects

GAAP Compliance

Statistics

Economics

SAP

Tableau

Yardi

Coupa (Spend Management Software) Coupa

PMWEB

02/2020 to CURRENT

06/2013 to 02/2020

Lead administration of engineering RFQs, PO issuances, validation and reconciliation of invoices, fx
rates, service terms: and coordination for payment approvals and releases

M.Sc. | Finance University of Michigan, Dearborn, MI

.

B.C

GPA 3.5/4.0

Cost Management

Management Control Systems

Derivatives and Risk Management

Corporate Valuation and Strategy

Topics in Corporate Finance

Applied Statistical Modeling

Economic Analysis: Firm and Consumer Investment Process, Analysis and Management

. | Finance

Wayne State University, Detroit, Ml

.

GPA: 3.51/4.0

Business Finance

Portfolio Management

Advanced Business Finance Principal of International Finance Bank Management

Corporate Financial Strategies Financial Statement and Modeling

CeCtificate | Finance Modeling Valuation Analyst

Corporate Finance Insititue, Online

04/2023

08/2013

11/2022

CFI's Financial Modeling & Valuation Analyst (FMVA) Certification Program thought essential skills

required to perform practical financial analysis.

Financial models are a critical part of the decision-making process in the finance industry today. By
following the financial modeling courses, learned how to get the best way to structure the models to
instill confidence in the stakeholders involved in the decision-making process.

The Financial Modeling & Valuation Analyst FMVA certification helped me learn financial modeling skills,
streamline a budgeting and forecasting process, or improve competency levels across the entire
accounting and finance spectrum. The FMVA certification provided all the skills, tools, and techniques
required to become a world-class financial professional.

Ce tificate | Business Intelligence And Data Analyst Corporate Finance Institute, Online

Ce tificate | Capital Markets & Securities Analyst

01/2023

CFl's Business Intelligence & Data Analyst (BIDA) Certification Program thought me the most important
skills required to advance journey with data analysis. | learned how to use the most popular business
intelligence tools and programming languages to explore, understand, and master data.

The business intelligence courses covered both BI and Data Science helping you develop skills in all
areas: from data storage and collection, data transformation, data analysis, and modeling, to data
visualization.

11/2022

Corporate Finance Institute, Online

CeCtificate | Finance & Quantitative Modeling For Analysts

CFI's Capital Markets Securities Analyst (CMSA) Certification Program was designed to have a
successful career in the Capital Markets.

Certification courses in capital markets thought me the knowledge, techniques, and tools that leading
Wall Street investment banks look for.

This course was self-paced, immersive, and interactive course that gave me the inside track foundation
to want to begin a career or move ahead in the Capital Markets

12/2022

University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA

CeCtificate | Financial Markets-Honors

Fundamentals of Quantitative Modeling Introduction to Spreadsheets and Models Financial Acumen for Non-Financial Managers
Introduction to Corporate Finance

01/2023

Yale University, New Haven, CT

Ce tificate | Mergers And Acquisitions

Introduced to risk management and behavioral finance principles to understand the real-world
functioning of securities, insurance, and banking industries

Emphasized on financially-savvy leadership skills

Reviewed the ideas, methods, and institutions that permit human society to manage risks and foster
enterprise

12/2022

University of Illinois At Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL

Ce tificate | Commercial Banking And Credit Analyst

Finance of Mergers and Acquisitions: Valuation and Pricing Finance of Mergers and Acquisitions: Designing an M&A Deal
Accounting for Mergers and Acquisitions: Foundations Accounting for Mergers and Acquisitions: Advanced Topics
Investment Banking: Financial Analysis and Valuation Investment Banking: M&A and Initial Public Offerings

11/2022

Corporate Finance Institute, Remote

.

CeCtificate | Investment Strategies And Portfolio Analysis

CFI's Commercial Banking & Credit Analyst (CBCA) Certification Program thought me the most
important skills required for base fundamentals in commercial lending roles.

Curriculum included courses, case studies, and a library of resources such as financial models and risk
assessment tools.

Course covered financial analysis, credit structuring, and a wealth of qualitative skills, such as
management and industry analysis, effective business and credit writing, and sales and relationship
management best practices like generating qualified leads and converting them into new business
opportunities.

01/2023

Rice University, Houston, TX

CeCtification | Risk Management

Performance measurement measures Evaluation of portfolio performance

Able to compare different investment strategies Various investment strategy solutions

01/2023

New York Insitute of Finance, New York, NY

.

Ce tificates | SAP

The concepts and principles of credit risk management and the steps to manage portfolio credit risks.
How to use statistical models to measure risk associated with different types of investments.

How to build an operational risk assessment program.

Differentiation between financial and business risks

2022

Udemy, Online

.

Ce tificate | Google Project Management

SAP S/HANA-Finance and Controlling, Configuration, and End User SAP FICO Financial Accounting & Management Accounting

SAP S/HANA Finance Training

SAP MM Training - in Plain English

SAP SD Advanced Training

SAP ABAP Training - in Plain English

12/2022

Google, Mountain View, CA

.

Ce tificate | Construction Management

Foundations of Project Management

Project Initiation: Starting a Successful Project

Project Planning: Putting It All Together

Project Execution: Running the Project

Agile Project Management Capstone: Applying Project Management in the Real World

12/2022

Columbia University in The City of New York, New York, NY

.

Cectificate | Al in Healthcare

Construction Project Management Construction Scheduling

Construction Cost Estimating and Cost Control Construction Finance

The Construction Industry: The Way Forward

12/2022

Stanford University, Stanford, CA

Ce tificate | IBM Data Science

Introduction to Healthcare

Introduction to Clinical Data

Fundamentals of Machine

Learning for Healthcare

Evaluations of Al

Applications in Healthcare Al in Healthcare Capstone

01/2023

IBM, Armonk, NY

.

.

CeCtificate | IBM Al Engineering

What is Data Science?

Tools for Data Science

Data Science Methodology Python for Data Science, Al & Development

Python Project for Data Science Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python

Data Analysis with Python

Data Visualization with Python Machine Learning with Python Applied Data Science Capstone

01/2023

IBM, Armonk, NY

Machine Learning with Python

Introduction to Deep Learning & Neural Networks with Keras Introduction to Computer Vision and Image Processing
Deep Neural Networks with PyTorch

Building Deep Learning Models with TensorFlow

Al Capstone Project with Deep Learning


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University