Robert Smith

SAP Consultant/Co-ordinator

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Consulting and designing and implernenting integration strategies for large customers with cornplex heterogeneous system landscape thereby
streamlining data integration and transformation processes,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

SAP Consultant/Co-ordinator
ABC Corporation- May 2007 - September 2008 Responsibilities:
= Integration lead responsible for the design of interfaces for a large software product development firm,
= Improve pricing capabilities for the client, which in turn drove incremental revenue by overhauling its pricing systerns &armp;
processes.
= Lead the integration services tearn of 2 members; bulld a project plan highlighting dependencies, key milestones.
= Worked with cross-functional and legacy tearns to manage the design, delivery, and testing of the end-to-end integration solution.
= Provided technical expertise in PI 7.0, developed &amp; supported interfaces between SAP ECC 6.0, Vendavo PMM 6.7 for successful data
Integration, = Developed interfaces using Pl toolset Integration Repository, Integration Directory, cc BPA and adapter engine.
- Developed graphical, java and XSLT based message mappings, user defined functions to support complex business requirements,

SAP Consultant
ABC Corporation- 2005 - 2007 Re sponsibilities:

= Jan 2000 - Sep 2000 Resurnes generally showcase relevant work
experience within the past 10-15 years.

= Remove or summarize previous experience,

= Ifyou want to include it, add a section labeled &quot;Additional Experlence&quot; and list your job titles and companies without dates,

= Tear Size 10 Environment SAP R/3 4.5B Role SAP Consultant Responsible for the low-level design, technical specifications, coding,
Testing and implementation of the following Configured and custornized areal time project for a leading bearing manufacturing company.

= Working knowledge in ABAP/4 Workbench Tools, Interactive Reporting, ABAP/4 Query, SAP Script, and Batch Data Communication (BDC).

- Acquired in-depth knowledge in SAP R/3 module and was working in project environment for customizing Materials Management related functions.

- Enhanced existing BAPIs according to requirernent.

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SAP ERP implernentation, Service Oriented Architecture, SAP Data Services.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
---------

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)