CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

PMO Project Manager (123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Over 20 years of project management experience In technical delivery SKILLS
within the Information Technology field responsible for projects with scope Project Managernent
and size up to $10M that are critical to the achievernent of cormpany key Methodology, Systern
strategic objectives. Her professional background includes: Certified in PMP Development Project Management Professional, PMI's Scheduling Professional PMI-SP,
Scrum Alliance Scrum Master, and ITIL information Technology Service Management.
LANGUAGES

WORK EXPERIENCE English (Native)

French (Professional)

PMO Project Manager Spanish (Professional)

ABC Corporation- March 2006 - August 2020

Responsibilities:

INTERESTS
---------

- Led implementation and delivery that established standards, technology usage and design to support business Initiatives and processes. Climbing

= Led discussions with PMO, Demand Management (DMO) and Portfolio phonboertod Managers on global govemance, project prioritization, reporting on Rescirg
metrics, staffing and analytics.

= Led diverse project teams composed of technical and non-technical resources to deliver timely and effective solutions based on Project REFERENCES
Managernent, SDLC and Agile and Iterative methodologies,

- Assisted with managing projects advocating established PMO practices. Reference - 1 (Company

= Reported PMO metrics (data, charts, and graphs) to management eons ~2 (Company Indicating progress and methodology cornpliance, Name)

= Worked In parallel with UHC PMO to created, maintain and merge integrated Executive level reports, dashboards and project resource
plans.

= Maintained and updated HPHC portal.

PMO Project Manager
Delta Corporation - 2002 - 2006 Re sponsibilities:
= Create weekly dashboard and performance metrics for tearn Identify opportunities for improvernents in reporting cormmunications and drive
adoption/.
= Based in Emeryville, CA, GDS supplies clinical analysis and laboratory testing tools to labs, hospitals, and blood banks worldwide.
- Advise PMO Director and lead initiatives on PMO Transformation, = Lead cross functional project teams - Provide project coordination for a portfolio, = Managed PMO RFP project for 3rd Party Project Audit Services Developed and managed Decision Logging process and procedures for multi-year, cross.
- Product Enhancement Project Managed all phases of a product enhancernent project for Amex payment system (Globe) markets. = Scope of project consisted of enhancernent and modifications to the VisionPlus payment systern of First Data Corporation to accommodate

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
