Robert Smith

Senior Civil Engineer I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Givil Engineer with more than 30 years of experience in design and construction of various types of facility projects including utility, roads and
streets, airfields, administrative, industrial, recreational, housing and healthcare. Experienced in all aspects of the design and construction of
facility projects, including renovation, restoration and modernization, hazardous material remediation, and new construction,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Civil Engineer !
ABC Corporation- November 2004 - july 2006 Re sponsibilities:

= Prepared design and construction docurnentation Including specifications, drawings and cost estimates for various sizes of facilities
contracts ranging from minor to major construction utilizing different contracting types including design-bid-bulld (DBB), design-build (DB),
indefinite quality (IDIQ), multiple awards (MAC), and job order (JOC).

- Included technical research, development, and testing facilities and biological labs.

= Prepared Project Books for RFPs covering major military construction (MILCON) projects over $1M for new facilities,

= Provided project management for AE design frorn beginning to end, including identifying requirements, cast estimating both design and
preliminary construction budgets.

= Assisted the Contracting Officer in evaluating and negotiating fee proposals with contractors.

= Participated in the development of a comprehensive facility management programm including budgets, strategic planning, and
establishment of priorities.

= Prepared inclusive bid packages for building structures and highway construction including drawings, detailed plans, and specifications.

Senior Civil Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2004 Re sponsibilties:
= Design engineer in the Civil/Structural/Architectural branch of headquarters, NAVFAC Washington providing design, engineering and
contract services to Naval facilities in the Washington National Capital Area, = Project engineer on a variety of in-house designed facilities across
several disciplines including civil, structural, architectural and environmental, = Prepared designs for erosion and sediment control, and stormwater
management in accordance with State, Federal and local requirernents.
= Coordinated with and submitted plans for review and approval to jurisdictions in Maryland, DC and Virginia.
= Project manager on AE design projects,
- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------ Microsoft Office, Computer, Project Management, Engineering.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

REFERENCES
---------- Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference ~ 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.