Zoey Walker

ipestonsedt Rast Native Chvvetajer| Hatin Aggptioasions [them Lentensttp

SUMMARY
-------

React Native Developer holding over 5 years of hands-on experience with a consistent record of architecting high-performing mobile applications across
(OS and Android platforms. Adept at transitioning web apps to react native and implementing best practices in app architecture.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior React Native Developer Tech Solutions
$3 2018 -Ongeing 9 Chartome. North Carnting

Overaw development and improvemert of mobile applications, ensuring efficient product infrastnactuee.

- Built and maintained over 15 mobile applications rewsting in a 25% increase in client satisfaction

- Successfully Leveraged native APIs for Seep integrations. enhancing app functionality.

- Played a key role in diagnosing and fixing bugs, reducing application crashes by SOR.

- implemented automated terting and continuous integration processes, increasing Geployment speed by 20%

React Native Developer

Blue Ocean Tech

$9 2016-2008 © Coaetotte. North Corot

Coorginated with cross-functional teams to develop and ship new app features.

- Collaborated in the development of 10+ app features, improving user experience and boosting average session length by 15%:

'* Optimized application pertormance, increasing speed by 25% and reducing load time by 30%

‘+ Assisted in the transition of web apps to react native, making 5 apps more accessible to
mobite uiers.

Junior Developer

Global Tech Innovations

$B 2014-2016 Choctette, North Caroting

ASSISIOS in the implementation and maintenance of automated testing and Continuous

integration

- Contnitvied to the maintenance and enhancement of 7 mobile applications ung React Notive

- Collatorates closety with senor developers to plan and develop the data presertation Layer for vations applications,

EDUCATION
---------

Master's Degree in Computer Science Duke University
£8 2022-2014 Ownam, Nortn Carosine

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science

University of North Carolina

$8 2008-2012 Chapel Hal, Nortm Carctina

LANGUAGES

Nate ee imemedate @@

@ Charette, North Carolina

STRENGTHS

[© Detail Oriented Ability to pay strong attention to detail and Octiver high-quality, efficient and visually
appealing applications, while meeting the project requirements.

TY Team Player Proven ability to work and collaborate effectively

with cross-functional and diverse teams ina fast-paced envionment

Wf Problem Solving Expert at diagnosing bugs, resotving complex troubleshooting

technical issues, and applications for optimal performance.

SKILLS
------ JavaScript - TypeScript React Native Development - Redux

‘Swih/Objective-C - Java/Kotlin REST APIs GraphQu ‘Automated Testing (Jest and Enzyme)

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

JavaScript Advanced Programming Course provided by Codecademy focusing on ES6* syntax and advanced JavaScript programming concepts.

Master React Native and Redux

In-depth Udemy course covering the nuances of React Native and Redux library,

PASSIONS

+f Continuous Learning ‘Committed to ongoing professional development
206 slaying abreast of the Latest industry tends bed technologies.

@H digitar ar Passionate about cagital art which translates into designing visually appealing and user-friendly
applicators.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.