ROBERT SMITH

Junior Network Security Engineer
info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

A self-motivated and hands-on Computer Software/Network Specialist, seeking a postion in Security Management, Information Assurance and Systems
Administration. Superior technical, organizational, people interface and problernr solving skills coupled with the ability to set priorities and manage multiple tasks.
Highly analytical, an effective communicator, and a dedicated, responsible team player who follows through to task/project completion.

Junior Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - OCTOBER 2007 - FEBRUARY 2014

Lead projects to test and deploy McAfee security protection solutions for the corporate and retail environments.

Deployed and tested system Upgrades for CyberArk Password Vault application,

Lead team on scheduled firewall rule reviews to establish proper security controls are in place.

Provided support to users, technical groups, and business partners on all security and control policies, strategy, risk assessment, network
connectivity, system architecture and design requirements.

Worked with Internal Audit to ensure security controls met PCI/SOX compliance.

Crested Active Directory groups to allow secure access to Windows and UNIX/Linux platforms as well as file shares,

Provided security administration support during disaster recovery (DR) exercises,

Security Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2007

Independent Consultant Worked as a consultant focusing on cyber security for over a dozen companies and organizations ranging in size
from 10 to 100+ employees

Conducted auditing, penetration testing, and incident response.
Setup and installed hardened servers.

Discovered and eradicated worms viruses, malware, spyware, and trojans

Built Intrusion and anomaly detection systems to assist in tracking malicious activities,

Counseled and staged the threats of cyber terrorism.
Implemented various authentication systems and the policies suirrounding them for companies of various sizes.,

- This Free Resume Template 's the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Guidelines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.