Jamal Jackson

JOHN H. SMITH, MBA, PMP

P.O. Bax 1673+ Calahan, FL 32011 800.991.5187 inbGgreatesumesiast.com

Program Manager / PMO Director

Dynamic, versatile, hands-on Program M anager who leads teams to design and implement successful IT projects that align
business and IT objectives and deliver rapid results

Project Management | Strategic Planning | PMO Management
Enegefic, trusted, and detal-odented Senior Program Manager and strategic solutions pmvider with outstanding praect management
and conflict management skills. Hand-picked by executive team to tum around underperforming programs: accomplished leader
known and respected for leading successful change in projects and buiding cedbilty with executive teams and staff. Solufons driver
who bridges fhe gap between business and technology wih expertse in managing complex programs and multiple concurmant projects.
Directs PMO teams to devdop high-quality programs that solve business problems and provide tangble results for enterpriseteve
financal systems and egacy workfow systems.

@ Confict Management @ Turnazound Operafons @ Staffing & Resoure Management

@ Risk & issue Management @ Financal Modding & Analysis © Agie & Waterfall Mefiodologies

@ CostGeneft Andysis @ Change Management @ = Stakehdde Management

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

Project Management Professional (PMP) ~ Cerified information Systems Auditor (CISA) Lean Six Signa Green Bat (LSSG8) Pmtessional - IT V8 (Basis) Certified
Cerffed Financial Panne (CFP)

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Gridlock Buliders; Boston, MA (2011 - Pmsent} DIRECTOR OF FINANCE / PROGRAM MANAGEMENT

PMO StartUp | Contract Management | PMO Management
Trusted Financial Execufve with CFO- and C-level respansbilifies: adds tansparency to IT and fnancal cpeations whie adaping
financal strategy to organizafonal gods. Program Manager over all IT projects - manage wortioads, define deliverables, hire and
mentor resources, conduct perfarmance reviews, and ensure com@iance with established PMO pmoesses. Direct business
forecasting and financia analysis activites and identify opportunifies and risks along with acfon plans ensure attainment of fnanda
goals.
- Spearheaded the development of the first-ever Progam Management Offoa: defined project management processes, induding those rated to requrements management, change contrd, and user acoaptance tesfing.
- Captured 60% savings in progcts costs in only fve mantis - reengineered project plan and renegofated contacts with new vendors; enhanced quality assurance and mantained timdines_ Reenginesred vendor pdicy to enhance quality assurance and to identify risks and issues a! eafier stages during fhe praect, manage contracts for al IT vendors including website development, hosing, IT operations, and IT applicafons devebpment.
New Moman and Co. inc.; Trenton, NJ (2010 - 2012) VP OF ENTERPRISE INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS / PROGRAM MANAGEMENT
Off-Shore Project Management | Multimillion-Dollar Budgets | Global PMO Staff
Top-petaming Progam Manager consistenfy sought out to reangineer troubled projects. Managed PMO staf in a matix reporting
Stucture consisiing of 44 Gibbal Project Managers and a department budget of $15milion Managed all pmjects, budgets, and
Stalegic analysis for all pmgrans. Prescribed solutions that provided quick RO for maximum revenue productivay, service
optimization, and system fexiality.
- Directed programs with up fo 70 infrastructure and application projects - impiemented vendor and fnancal strategies hat improved project planning and reduced casts by 60% in only fve months.
