Maria Garcia

5127 “QO” Street + Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15122 + H 412.555.1595 « pagarret@myisp.net

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY

Detall-oriented Senior Financial Analyst with background leveraging CPA credentials and hands-on experience in
quantitative / statistical analysis, budgeting, accounting, and forecasting.

ca Provide robust modeling and reporting to facilitate executive-tevel decision making,
- Strong analytical skills; support operations through analysis of key performance indicators and trends.
- Consensus-driven communicator; liaise across vanous business units and promote organizational success.
- Rapidly adapt to new technologies and possess expertise with MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, and broad range of statistical software. Core COMPETENCIES
- Strategy Development « Performance Optimization * Concept Implementation
- Risk Management * Effective Communication * Financia! Accounting
- Corporate Finance * Relationship Management * Documentation & Reporting

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Swor FINANCIAL ANALYST | Silas Industres Corporation, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 62014-Present
Review financial statements and analyze sales revenues, costs, expanses, and tax rates for all business units of
leading process automation company. Develop detailed spreadsheets to identify trends and develop forecasts.
Consolidate and analyze monthly resulis and budgets. Create and deliver presentations, providing
Tecommendations on short and long-tange ROl.
. Spearheaded due diligence for $5.2-billion joint venture, identifying key risk factors and forecasting
investment viability.
. Established new forecasting tracking and management reporting system to improve availability and
accuracy of financial data, triggering 15% increase in accuracy.

EINANCIAL ANALYST | Morgan & Doakes, Inc, Oakmont, Pennsylvania 82009-52014

Conducted quantitative analysis of financial data to forecast revenue, identify future trends, and assess nsk

associated with capital expenditures, acquisitions, and joint-venture projects for large real estate investment firm.

Compiled and reviewed complex data to assess multimiliion-dollar accounts and business units. Developed

comprehensive reports, abstracts, and charts to present data and guide investment strategies. Performed ad-hoc

analysis and reporting.

. Integral in ensuring due diligance involving $12-million acquisition.

. improved operational efficiency of finance systems by 9% through implementation of streamlined data-
Management procedures,

. Contributed to 12% growth trend by developing strategic recommendations far management regarding
fong-range planning.

EINANCE INTERN | Fischer & Sons, LLC, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 4/2009-7/2009
Assisted with financial analysis, forecasting, and risk assessment for a boufique investment firm. Supported and
collaborated with Senior Financial Analyst in executing buy-sell process.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

Master of Science in Accounting - 2013 | UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Bachelor of Science in Economics & Finance - 2009 | PowT PARK UNIVERSITY. Pittsburgh, Pannsytvania
