JOHN SMITH
22 Seoot Rd. Phone : 222-222-2222
City, State 09000 Email : emaifadcress.com

RECENT HONOURS GRADUATE: Business Economics
- Concentration: Financial Analysis ~

‘Skiled recent graduate with an Honours Bachelor of Arts degree m Business Economics seving an Entry Level position in the

ready lo embrace new chalenges and eager to pul my education research skils and knowledge to practical use

EDUCATION / PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT BA. Specialized Honours, Business Economics.

York University, Toronto, ON Areas of Specialization. Econometric Forecasting, and Financiat Analysis
GPA (overal): 6.76/9.0; GPA (in mae}: 7.67/9.0

Business Economics Program (transferred to York to finish degree) Virginia Polytochaic Institute & Stato University, Virginia. USA

Canadian Securities Course (currently enrolled) Expected Graduation: February 2011 Canadian Securities Instite, Toronto, ON

CORE STUDIES . Theory + Law & Economics + Economics + Advanced Microeconomic 6
Macroeconomic Theory + Money, Banking & Finance » Corporate Finance + Owected Reading + Financial & Managerial Accounting *

- Dissertation on stock price fluctuations and monetary policy. Exploration of avenues, along which stock prices, may exhitit covariance with the monetary conditions. It has three sechons: The fest section deals with the teorescal underpinnings of monetary policy, with respect to findings from the U.S. stock market. The second soction analyzes the implications of a mean-variance efficent portiolo, and quantifies the underlying rsk in security investments. The last section treats the case of the Canadian economy, and attempts to cross-

Research Project

- Research Report on Husky Energy Inc.: Uses the tree-step, top-down security valuation method. It attempts to capture the impact of the economic and political conditions on the performance of energy sector in terms of production and consumption, It then looks at the industry's prospects within the global business environment, thereby determining how well or poorty the individual firm will fare. Finaly, employs financial metrics to determine the targeted price for the year ahead and makes a recommendation as to buy, sell, or hold the IK

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
Gap in Employment: Fuil Time Student (2007-2008), International Travel (2008-2010) & Job Search (2010) Oct. 2007 - Present
Ontario PC Candidate: Nina Tangri, Streetsvite, ON Sept. 2007 - Oct. 2007 Executive Assistant

- Actively participated in Nina's campaign for office; provided calendar management and updating of her schedule; wrote speeches for ‘ner debates; conducted door-to-door canvassing to solicit votes and educate consttvents on her polices; updated voter's Sst and identified key polls in nding


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)