ROBERT SMITH
Sr. SQL Server Developer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Sr. SQL Server Developer with 6 plus of experience in the Finance domain. Experience in
Database Design, Development, and maintenance of database applications on SQL Servor in
OLTP/OLAP/BI environment. Installation and configuration of SQL Server Management Studio
2008 R2, Experience in writing complex SQL quaries involving multiple tables inner and outer
joins, Extensive experience in writing Transact-SQL (DDL/DML) queries,

MS-DOS, Unix, And Solaris Back-end Language T- SQL, PL-SQL, XML. Front-end Language C#
Wob Applications ASP.NET 2.0, SOAP, HTTP, Intemet Information Services (IIS 6.0), FTP,
TCP/IP, LAN, MS-Outlook Express Scripts T SQL, VB, JavaScript, PHP

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. SQL Server Developer
State Farm Insurance - March 2015 — Present

Key Deliverables:

* Working on full life cycle development (SDLC) Involving in all stages of development.

« Creating the database objects - schemas, tables, indexes, views, user-defined functions,
cursors, triggers, stored procedure, constraints, and roles.

* Writing the stored procedures and user-defined scalar functions (UDFS) to be used in the
SSIS packages and SOL scripts,

« Extensively utilizing the joins and sub-quories to streamline complex quastions including
different table

=  Bullcing, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling
using tableau servor

« Developing the tabular queries for éfficient analysis of report using pivot/unplvot in T-SQL,

* Creating and managing the clustered Indexes and non clustered indexes and optimized
quarigs using execution plan

SQL Server
ABC Corp - 2012-2015

Key Deliverables:

« Expertise in enhancing and deploying the SSIS packages from the development server to
production server.

* Designed and developed data load jobs using SSIS package and scheduled in SQL agent

* Migrated old data from MS Access and Excal into SQL server 2008 using SSIS packages
in the businass intelligence development studio.

« Assisted with DBA (database administration) duties to support davelopment tasks.

* Collaborate with other developors to create and implament BI best approach solution(s}.

* Troubleshoot the BI tools, systems, and sottware.

SS eh hv hv
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 13420
© This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines