Greg Baker

Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume, corm

Senior Construction Manager Website > www. qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Construction professional with over 6 years proven leadership skills in managing personnel in a
construction environment. Strong skill set in directing and coordinating projects, ensuring OSHA
and company safety compliance, interpreting regulatory requirements, and delivering results in
production, quality and budget objectives and custorner relations,

SKILLS
------

Scheduling, Project Managernent, Contract Negotiations, Contract Negotiations, Design Build,
Documentation, Excel, Forecasting, Operations Management, Quality Assurance, Quality Control

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Construction Manager
ABC Corporation - January 2015 - Present

Attends city meetings regarding developrnent upgrades to all towns and cities regarding telecorn improvements.

Overseeing the construction managernent, budgeting, scheduling, site aq, , contractor management, etc,

Analyze production problems and recornmend solutions such as improving production methods and maintaining sub-contractor responsibility,

Organize and supervise construction-related activities on wireless site developrnent projects.
Ensure a project is constructed in accordance with design, budget, schedule, accounting requirements and quality standards,

Supervise the construction of all projects for NHS, single-farnily rehabilitation and new construction.

Maintain the highest quality, while administering good construction safety practices with ail
on-site activities,

Lead Senior Site Superintendent
ABC Corporation - January 2013 - October 2014

Drives production, monitors and updates schedules, inspect construction for contract and quality control cornpliance of student housing (of carnpus) projects,

Cottages of college station $71 million - 1354 bedroorns and capstone cottages of San Marcos
$51 million - 899 bedrooms with $i million clubhouses and $750,000 resort style pools,
Swallow circle | sugar land, tx 77478 | 832. 250, 6224 | stevengriffin@yahoo. Com,

Ensure that the budget reflects the plan and work with the project rnanager if discrepancies
arise,

Sending the labor out where it needs to be to rake the job successful and safe.

Worked closely with subcontractors, the customer, the designer tear, work with all labor.
Worked on t-mobile in south Florida doing site assessments for the new 4q/LTE upgrade.

EDUCATION
---------

Project Management - (Fayetteville Community College In Masonry)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines
