Emily Walsh
Main Town, ST 60436
(666) 777-2345 | edhill@aol.com
www. linkedin.com/in/edgar-hill

Mechanical Engineer

Dedicated Mechanical Engineer with R&D experience designing products for companies ranging from
start-ups to world-wide manufacturers. Proficient in using state-of-the-art tools and methods, certified
in welding processes and equipment. Solid leadership and applied knowledge to competently
communicate with external and internal customers and corporate stakeholders. Bilingual English and
Spanish.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
ABCinc - Main Town, ST May 2013 - April 2019 Mechanical Hardware Engineer
Ink-jet printer design, most recently on the PageWide A3 Color MFP family of products. Worldwide
travel to support product prototype builds at manufacturing sites. Paper path and finisher design
and development:

injection-molded plastic, machined metal and sheet-metal part and assembly design.
Solid modeling & 2-D drafting documentation using PTC Creo.

Use of ANSI/ASME Y14.5GD&T to communicate tolerance & inspection requirements.
Coordination and approval of production part first article & Cpk metrology inspections.
Prototyping of designs using local Model Shop and 3D-printing resources.
Creation of test and assembly fixturing.

Test and characterization of components and assemblies to quantify failure, including accelerated|ife, fatigue, environmental.

Collaboration with EEs, firmware engineers, technicians & test operators in the design, troubleshooting & resolution of issues.

Collection and inspection of servo metrics and test data from local and remote locations Troubleshooting of test-related issues toroot cause and solution implementation.
assist withserviceability testing and documentation for release with new product.
Coordination of product dynamic shock and vibration / drop testing to reduce failures in shipping and handling.

- Perform FEA analyses to identify and resolve part weaknesses.

- Product support and customer interaction at delta test sites.

ABCCompany Nov 2010 = May 2013 Mechanical Engineer
Contract employee at ABC, in ink-jet printer design. Roles and responsibilities essentially identical
tothose listed above.

Education and Certification Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering State University Fundamentals of Engineering (E1T) Exam
