Boyd Rankin

Food and Beverage Manager

Q City, State
\ 000-000-0000

email@email.com

- Outstanding customer service-ability.

standards.

Subway

2017-08 - Present

Chupacabra Latin Kitchen

& Taqueria

2013-03 - 2017-07

Olive Garden

2010-11 - 2013-02

Olive Garden

2006-07 - 2010-10

Can implement and supervise the company’s operational aspects, consistent with the established

Outstanding leading ability, positive attitude and a high sense of urgency.
Aself-starter, quick learner, and an efficient team player.

Keen attention to details and with superior ability in multi-tasking.

Willing to work overtime and willing to travel.

Well experienced in Sales, F&B in any front department and handling customer care.

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Food and Beverage Manager

Recruiting, training, and supervising staff.

Agreeing and managing budgets.

Planning menus.

Ensuring compliance with licensing, hygiene, health, and safety legislation/guidelines.
Promoting and marketing the business.

Overseeing stock levels.

Ordering supplies.

Producing staff rotas.

Handling customer inquiries and complaints.

Taking reservations.

Greeting and advising customers.

Preparing and presenting staffing/sales reports.

Keeping statistical and financial records.

Assessing and improving profitability.

Handling the administration and paperwork.

Liaising with customers, employees, suppliers, licensing authorities, sales representatives, etc.
Making improvements to the running of the business and developing the restaurant.

Beverage Manager

Redesigned menus.

Restructured the bar program.

Hired and trained bartenders and the support staff.

Created financial tracking management systems.

Assisted General Manager with operations and objectives.
Managed vendor relations, orders, accounting, and organization.
Worked closely with the chef to fix and maintain the food cost.

Head Bartender

Reported to the Dining Hall Manager.

Supervised the service of meals, effective sanitation, set up, and upkeep of all dining hall
service areas.

Assigned and trained cooks and utility workers to offer smooth, efficient, and courteous service.
Handled the leftover food, advanced preparation, and the cleaning of the kitchen to include
sanitizing of equipment.

Performed and supervised custodial tasks including daily, periodic, and concentrated cleaning;
sanitized the food preparation equipment, food service areas, storage areas, kitchen, floors,
walls, furniture, and windows in accordance with the federal safety, cleanliness, and sanitation
policies.

Supervised the entrance and exit security activities and cash receipts.

Bartender

a

Developed relationships with longstanding customers to ensure the same level of rapport as
my co-bartender.

Managed inventory levels of an extensive wine list.

Sustained personalized service during high volume service hours; made the requirements met
in a timely and professional manner.

Informed customers for changed menu and daily specials.

én ee


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.