CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

Sales Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

An enthusiastic, ambitious and professional individual who has a praven track record of achieving results in highly competitive
environments A true sales professional who is driven to hunt for new business, and is mentally resilient enough to be able to push past
rejection to achieve results. Deborah is a talented sales manager who can enhance the performance of any business by using ber
energy, drive and commitment to succeed to build outstanding relationships with customers and drive overall revenue growth. Her
performance is results driven and as 2 quick learner she is fast at absorbing new ideas and adapting to changing scenarias. Right now
the ts now looking for a suitable managerial pasition with a company that is renowned far hiring exceptional people and for giving them
unparalleled opportunities to build their careers and capabilities.

Marketing Negotiating Dynamic Smart

Marketing strategies Strong closing skilts Entrepreneurial flair Coming up with ideas Marketing campaigns Influencing skills Increasing revenue growth © Commercial judgement

Customer focused Building relationships High energy levels Analysing data

Sales orientated: Account management People management Effective planning skills

Brand awareness Selling creatively Business planning Innovative

Presentation skilts Up-selling Writing reports Business sense

CAREER HISTORY

Financial Services Company - Birmingham

‘SALES MANAGER Apr 2003 - Present

Responsible for organising and leading a team and developing and delivering the company’s Sales and Marketing strategy within a specific
region. in charge of ensuring that existing and new customer relationships are strengthened to continue to grow, and that revenue and
profit targets are achieved. Although office-based, also required to spend e considerable amount of time visiting sales tearns in the field.
Duties

Manimising sales performance through delivering an exceptional customer experience, people management and cost control.
Developing and maintaining efficient & effective reporting systems for tracking prospects from initial enquiry through to close.
Identifying and developing sustainable relationships with key accounts at bath strategic and tactical level.

Recruiting, training and developing new sales and marketing teams.

Driving and managing the entire sales process - targeting to top prospects, identifying client solutions, negotiating and dosing.
Acting 2s 2 role model for junior staff by setting high standards through personal behaviour and actions.

Ensuring staff comply with all company policies, processes and procedures, and addressing any shortfalls.

insurance Company - Coventry
ASSISTANT SALES MANAGER Jan 2009 - Apr 2009

Mortgage & Loan Company - Birmingham
SALESREP Aug 2007-Jan 2009
