Information Technology Manager Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Assistant Website: www.qwilres ume.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwilresume

ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road,

Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

More than 17 years of experience applying people, process, problem-solving, and technical skills to
improve individual, team and organizational performance. An impassioned team leader who
mentors with purpose and understands that strong working relationships create greal teams and
product exceptional results.

Graphic Design, Photo Editing, Video production assistance, Layout Design, Document Organization, Time-Management, Team Collaboration.

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Information Technology Manager Assistant

ABC Corporation - June 1999 - March 2001

Managed all Technology services for 250 uscrs,

Managed all telecommunications and network services for Norcrass location.

Managed and supported Data Center which included Web, Database, and Application Servers running on multiple platforms, Telephone Switching equipment. Networking equipment and
Video Conferencing equipment.

Responsible for Email and DNS Services for over 2000 users in 5 locations throughout North
America.

Responsible for $2 million Information Technology budget,

Implemented and managed outsourcing contract for first and second level helpdesk support for
300 users which included call center and desk-side support.

Selected yendor, negotiated contract, managed implementation and managed ongoing relationship with vendor,

Information Technology Manager

ABC Corporation - 1994 - 1999

Researched and evaluated performance data in order to provide feedback to direct reports.
Provided training as well as sccond level support of technical Issues,

Responsible for troubleshooting and administration within a Microsoft Active Directory environment,

Assisted with the development and incorporation of software applications procedures.
Created technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of financial data.

Responsible for documenting and responding to issues via ticketing system.

Interviewed potential candidates and assisted in the hiring process,

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science - (Community College of Denver - Auburn, AL}

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Quwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines
