CESAR CABAL

EDUCATION
--------- Bachelor of Sclence Mechanical Engineering University of Georgia

1996-2000 Atlanta, GA

SKILLS
------ Prodier setaing Teamwork Comemenic ation Creativity Attention to detail Collaboration

CERTIFICATIONS/ LICENSES

Engineers License

CAREER OBJECTIVE
----------------

Dedicated and results-oriented mechanical engineer with 10+ years experience aspiring to work for a company where extensive skits and
“expertise in the developement and evaluation of mechurical devigns Can be used to further the company’s advancement.

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Mechanical Engineer

‘Summit
2016 - current ‘Atlanta, GA
- Performed initiat and ongoing design reviews of ail projects for team. Reviews accepted by leadership 85% of the time

Delivered documentation giving criticat anaiysis and warertions for correcting errors. 95% adoption of of analysis and supgestions
Reviewed CAD dr awings trees juriice team members for accuracy.
Made sugpestions for impr ovement and increased teaderitip satisfaction by 10%

Managed development of accurate accountieg of all engineering hours cequited for various projects. Increased accuracy by 10%.

(UUilized CAD/CAM software and trained on increasing knowtedpe to caer advanced cer tite ation. Passed certitication test with 95%.

Mechanical Engineer Genex Systems, LIC
2004-2016 Atlanta, GA

- Formulated scope of work for each project including budgetary
fumbers and goal of each project. 100% goal attainment within budget

- Built program to track process deficiencies and developed solutions to improve, Reduced process deficiencies by 50%, Program adopted by 2 architectural partner firms.

- Led effort to prioritize projects with engineering team. Awarded Team Engiower of The Yeor for $ years.

- Usilined a new CAD/CAM system to reduce team time spent and increase efficiency by 20%.

Cashier Home Depot
2002 - 2004 Atlanta. GA

‘+ Led canbler team in processing returns white adhering tocompany policies and procedures Won Cashier of The Month Award $ times.

Oper ated paint station after training and trained other crew members ncreaied paint sales 7%.

implemented a new in-store promotion tor home blinds. increaved trate to blinds department by 10% with a sales increase of JX.

Managed all transactions, cash, Gebit. credit, store creditcard.
Recor bed drawer 100%.

Led canhler team in either opening oF closing procedres 5 days a week
