Brian Johnson

Construction Project Manager

Accomplished and results-driven professional with 6+ years of extensive experience in overseeing
commercial and large residential building projects within time and budgetary constraints. Equipped
with a record of success on process improvement, combined with demonstrated abilities in defining
innovative solutions and methodologies For safe and cost-efficient operation. Adept at leveraging
influential negotiation skills to mediate contracts and create profitable partnerships

BA brian@novoresume.com 0 012 345 8901 9 Naugatuck, CT in linkedin.com/in/brian.johnson 8 brian.johnson

Construction Project Manager J&J Lucchese Development

Headed the completion of 6 large commercial projects and 13 residential developments in northern New Jersey.

Successfully delivered a $7.5M construction project three days ahead of schedule and under $200K budget.

Coached and mentored a team of 50 crew members in the Field, resulting in greater productivity and efficiency.

Effectively negotiated contracts to create a mutually beneficial agreement, saving $500K in construction costs.

Reduced budgets From 10-20% by integrating energy- Project Manager Volunteer

efficient products and alternative building materials. Build2Build For Change Construction Superintendent Conducted construction supervision, project management,
Andrade Construction Corporation and design that support the construction of Facilities

promoting health care, education, economic opportunity,

. ; ; and social justice.
Supervised an on-site workforce of 51 employees including

engineers, steel workers, and laborers. Oversaw the labor force to ensure productivity and

a a efficiency.
Resolved budget cost deficiencies of $40K by utilizing

energy-efficient products and recycled building materials.

Achieved a 15% reduction in project cost by negotiating with architectural, civil, and geotechnical engineers.

Managed the construction of a $10M cinema project from inception to completion, asserting successful delivery within
timeline.

Certified Construction Manager (CCM) (04/2017)

From Construction Manager Certification Institute (CMCI)

Assistant Construction Manager Intern

BC Construction
Outstanding Management & Leadership Award (2019)

. ‘ ‘ P ; J&J Lucchese Development Assisted the Project Manager in planning, documentation,

implementation, and overall management of projects. Manager of the Year (2015)

Accomplished sub evaluations/comparison of bids, scope Andrade Construction Corporation review, and complete buy as requested by Project Manager.

Ensured contracts, insurance, and bonds are current and received before the subcontractor performs any work.

English French Italian

BS in Construction Project Management Massachusetts College of Pharmacy & Health Sciences

§§ novoresume.com


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.