CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Nicole Nguyen

Passionate Special Educator with Diverse Teaching Experience

Special education teacher with over five years of experience in providing

children with special care and education. Supported the emotional and social mR p 4 development of disabled children with encouragement, understanding, and

positive feedbacks. Consistently committed to redirecting unproductive

behaviors with positivity, patience, and creativity.
nicoleng@gmail.com | _(+352)-458-3892

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Aug 2017 Special Education Instructor | ABC Educational Services
Dec 2019
Worked with 10-15 students annually at the age of 6 to 12.

Developed lesson plans and activities based on students’ IEPs that facilitate academic, behavioral,
occupational, speech, and physical therapy goals.

Orchestrated student, class, and Aide schedules in conjunction with each child’s therapy needs.
Conducted training for 15+ colleagues and 30+ parents on working effectively with special needs children,
achieving a 100% participation rate.

Aug 2013 Resource Special Education Teacher | BCD School District

fun 20" Taught Math, science, and social studies to students in grades 7 to 9.
Modified lessons to accommodate students with disabilities.
Led a top team of 5 to 7 teaching assistants and coordinated a Direct Instruction remedial reading program.
Handled a special education caseload of 40+ students and administered Individual Education Plan meetings.
Spearheaded a building-wide remedial reading program for more than 1200 junior high school students.

EDUCATION
---------

Jul 2010 The University of Manchester

Jun 2012 Master of Education - Major in Special Education
GPA: 3.85, Dean's List

ul 2006 - The University of Manchester

Jun 2010

Bachelor of Arts - Major in Behavioral Science

Vice President of Council for Exceptional Children

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

- Oxford Teaching Certification - Special Education Credential ® Conflict Resolution - Meditation Training Institute

SKILLS
------

@ Language arts @ Writing standard-based IEPs @ Special education - Medicaid

@ Behavior plan modification @ Communication skills @ Data-driven

@ Interpersonal skills @ Active listening @ Compassion and patience
