Robert Smith SQNTACT RETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

Electrical Engineering Technician I (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Exceptional attention to detail and data entry accuracy Professional written SKILLS
and verbal cormmunication skills Ability to multitask, work independently Engineering, Technician.
and efficiently, to meet scheduled deadlines, and cornplete projects as required, LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE Enalish (Native) Electrical Engineering Technician I French (Professional)
ABC Corporation- December 2005 - April 2007 Spanish (Professional) Re sponsibilities:
- Support environmental test, operate and acquire data during rnodal, static and RF tests. Climbing = Install, Integrate and test control and shaker amplifier and associated Snowboarding buffer cards, AC and DC motor, Cooking
- Perforrn operational checks on high capacity centrifuge, signal Reading

generators, amplifiers, and instrumentation.
- Work on high voltage power circuitry, route and connect power bus,

replace low and high voltage relays and contactor, REFERENCES
- Build control panels for AC-DC power supply for systern monitoring, Reference - 1 (Company

replace and wire transformers. Name)

= Install, test, and build 1/O modules for programmable logic controllers Reference ~ 2 (Company
(PLC), Narne)

- Setup and install power amplifiers, waveguides and antenna in anechoic

charnbers for testing,

Electrical Engineering Technician
ABC Corporation- 2001 - 2005 Re sponsibilities:
= Integral in the design, build, and startup/installation of paint delivery control systems(PLC based).
= Integration with ABB and Fanuc robots,
- Drafting of electrical/mechanical prints using AutoCAD, = Design and build using BOMs, = Have worked on large projects for custorners that Include John Deere, Harley Davidson, Titleist, Honda, J.1. = Case, and Caterpillar..
- This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelors in Electronics Engineering Technology - (Capitol Technology University - Laurel, MD)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.