Robert Smith

Lead/Senior Civil Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Most recent experiences include structural design for various Interior and exterior tenant improvement projects, seismic analysis and retrofit for
existing structures, and various equipment anchorage projects for cormmercial facilities.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Lead/Senior Civil Engineer
Weldlinger Associates - 2009 - 2020 Re sponsibilities:

= Performed static or dynamic SDOF analysis on steel, reinforced CMU, concrete, and wood structures under ATFP blast loads resulting in more
efficient structural material use,

- Calculated concrete, and steel connections In accordance with ACI318 and AISC LRFD design methodologies to meet ATFP criteria and blast load demands.

- Determined quantity-distance siting for explosive processing plants leading to an efficient and safety-orlented siting of facilities.

- Generated project basis of design documents, edited specifications, and prepared reports for project proposals and subrnittals.

= Assisted architects and contractors in DoD Military Construction siting and blast-resistant design to meet UFC building codes on
Antiterrorismy Force Protection (ATFP) projects.

= Made front-end interactions with clients directly on self-managed ATFP projects through in-person meetings and conference calls, gave client
presentations, and attended networking expos.

- Participated in construction support including deterrnining solutions to unplanned construction obstacles resulting In a more streamlined process for clients.

Senior Civil Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2012 Re sponsibilities:

= Undeground pipe deign and coordinations, drainage desig and calculations, road design and calculation,

= Drainage design, underaroun pipe design and calculations.

- Underground coordinator.

- Inthe office of Regional Committee for Central Planning Duties Advise and assist government and public offices in the region In drafting the annual.

= of the region for planning Participate in identification, appraisal and programming of new projects for the region.

= Front-end engineering design of grading and drainage for this 2000-acre crude refinery project containing process units of modular design.

- Work included determination of civil design criteria and development pf preliminary grading and drainage, and demolition design drawings.

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Enercalc, MathCAD, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint, Blastx, SBEDS, AutoCAD.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
---------

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
