ROBERT SMITH
SCM/DevOps Engineer

Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Emad: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

Over 6+ years of experience in IT industry as a DevOps Engineer, comprising of Development,
Systems Administration and Software Configuration Management (SCM). Extensive experience
includes SCM, Build/Release Management, Change/Incident Management, VMware and AWS
Cloud computing. Written Chef cookbooks and recipes to Provision Several pre-production
environments consisting of Apache domain creations and several proprietary middleware
installations.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Configuration Management: Chel, Puppat. Cloud Computing: AWS Buiki Tools: Ant, Maven
Scripting Languages: Shell, Powershell, Ruby, Perl Source Code Management: Subversion, TFS,
Git, Perforce Cl Tools: Jenkins, Bamboo, AnthillPro Operating Systems: Windows, Linux And
Solaris Databases: SOL Server, Oracle, MySql Change Management: Remedy, Service Now And
PVCS Tracker Web/Application Servers: Tomcat, Weblogic, Jboss, Bug Reporting Tools: Bugzilla,
Jira,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SCM/DevOps Engineer
ABC Corporation - September 2014 - Present

Key Deliverables:

* Providing configuration management expertise to all software development projects.

» Automation of java applications to achieve continuous integration and continuous delivery
(ci and od),

* Configuring various jobs in Jenkins and Hudson for the deployment of java based
applications and running test suites.

* Migrating the entire social media, Com infrastructure from amazon wed services to
Rackspace cloud

* Currently responsible for the integration of symantecs storage and backup solutions with
Open Stack, mainly on cinder component.

= Decomposing workflows to map lo azure fabric components (stateless/stateful service,
actors).

» Installation ot virtual IT infrastructure using VMware ESXi 4, 0, ESXi 5, 0 and Vsphere.

DevOps Engineer
ABC Corporation - October 2013 - September 2014

Key Deliverables:
* Responsbilities responsible for the design and architecture of different release
environments tor new projects.

—_—_—_——————_..—_—nXn nn
2259 Oak Street. Old Forge, New York, 13420

‘© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines