CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Drama Teacher CV Sample

/Angela Seaton/1a Example Road, Exampleton/07848
123456789/a_seaton@examplemail.co.uk

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
--------------------

lam an experienced and passionate drama teacher with several years of teaching
experience behind me. | have qualified as a drama teacher with the relevant qualifications
to aliow me to teach in the UK and | have continued with my professional development since
started teaching. | am highly experienced with teaching acting skills, theatrical set design
and dance. However, one of my great passions is for comedy anc | try to encourage students
to try their hand at comedic performances in any cramatic situction. As well as a weaith of
experience putting on student productions of classics, from Shakespeare to Wilde, | have a
proven track record of being able to liaise well with school music departments for co-productions of musicals. An efficient organiser, | am able to keep track of all the
poperwork and record storage required in modem educational settings.

Core Qualifications

PGCE (Secondary) in Drama gained from Example University 2005-2006 BA (Hons) 2:2 in
English Literature from Example University 2001-2004

Professional Qualifications

®@ jnitial Teacher Training (iT) - completed

® Advanced Skills Teacher (AST} - currently in progress @ First cic training

®@ Full, clean driving ficense

Academic Qualifications

A levels: English {B) and Drama and Theatre Stucies (8) AS levels: French (C) and Business
Stucies (B) 9 GCSEs at grades A. B and C.

KEY SKILLS
----------

@ | can engage students with drama and theatricality which improves their all-round education.

@ jam an effective communicator with students, porents and all levels of school management.

@ | am funny ond con teach students how to express themselves approprictely through humour.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Drama Teacher - Example School, Solihull. From September 2006 to present.
@ Completed IT and commenced AST.
® Developed stand up comedy and circus performance skills.

®@ Improved grades of students taking GCSE drama and the numbers of students choosing the subject at A and AS level.

Teaching Assistant - Example School, Solihull. From September 2004 to July 2005

® Gained experience at working within a school setting:
® Helped produce an end of term staging of ‘Guys and Dolls’.

REFERENCES
----------

Available on request. This drama teacher CV sample is just one of many, all of which provide
key insights into how best to write your CV. Jobseekers snould check out the tools and CV builder on this site for more advice.
