WILLIAM GOODWIN Address ~ City, ST XXXXX

955.555.5555 werextwinGixxxx. xxx

CORPORATE FINANCE MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE Chief Financial Officer | Vice President, Finance | Controller

Corpomte finance executive and CPA offering over 20 years of expenence buikding, kading, and advising corporatons
through complex restructurings, intemational expansion, and capital markets transactions, Strong SEC expertise and
background in mengers and acquisitions; knowledgeable of SOX requirements. Accomplished in structuring and negotiatmge
tama ctons and favomble tems with commercial and investment banks. Excellent leader with a track record of documented
contributions leading to amproved Financul performance, heazhtened productivity, and enhanced internal controls.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Xsooxxxx Inc. City, ST 20XX -20XX

CFO / EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT (20XX ~ 20XX) CFO (Q)XN - WXX)

Corponte of fcer promoted on the fast-track to CRO role then to CPFO/EVP role for this $1 bilbon, international company

providing leased satellite capacity and managed services ¥ telecom, tclevigon broudeasting, and corporate customers. Directly
led 2 5.-pervon senior management team including a controllerand 4 VPs with oversight for an 85.person staff. Broad scope

of authority inchded exccunve guidance for all:

- Corporate/ Operational Finance ~ Treasury + tnvestor Relitons > Accounting > ‘Taxanon ~ Inemal Audits > Contmets and Procurement + Mergers and Acquisitions ~ Risk Management

Spearheaded financial aspects for transformation of Nacocxx into a $1 billion commercial company structure with customers
in over 200 countries. Estab ished stronger financial reporting for U S capinl markets, enhanced cost controls, introduced
tax, interna tonal credit and collections, and IR capabilities, and developed muilticompany financial accounting and reporting
astems, Gained remendous intemational finance and regulatory experience setting up companies and commercul
operations, Coordinated start of Sarhanes(xley Section 4(M for 20X.X compliance. Key contribunons:

Capital Markets | © E:nabled access to $4+ bilbom capital at low interest mtes and under favorable terms by

& Banking esubbshing company’s minal presence m US. capital markets and bank markets and

Relationships buikting/cultivating mrulnple ban king relanonships.

Raised $1.9 bilbon in 3 separate transactions from US. and European public debt markets.
Provided company with liquidity to run business at market keaching rates for crectits m that
class by negonating and refinancing over $2 bilbon in multiple hank credit facilities, achieving
favorble terms and avoiding negative provisions,

International © = Pacihuted corporste restructuring and ensured foundation for optimal financial performance

Finance & through creation of an international credit and collections department.

Taxation © Built new tax department to address multinational tax planning and compliance needs; devised
tax structure recognized as mdustry-keading for cfficency, wang transfer pncing and low tax
junsdicions to achieve approimute 15% tax rate on corporate camings.

Strategic ® Phyed hey role in diversifring business and portioning company for IPO through support of

Initiatives 3 strategic investments m 2 years, inchiding pending $1 bilkon acquamon.

- Prepared company for 2YXX LPO. Developed intemal resources, negotiated with investment banks, and opened communxations with Wall Street equity analysts. Completed initul and


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.