CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

dr.

Python Developer Phas: 02) S86 fee
Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH eee eacanccaleonemere

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Experienced Python backend developer commitied to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and
up-to-date industry knowledge. Has more than three years designing innovative applications and
achieving high client satisfaction,

SKILLS
------ Database., HTML, Python

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

dr,

. Python Developer

Dell Computers - May 2015 - Present

Managed, developed and designed a dashboard control panel for customers and administrators
using DJANGO, Oracle DB, PosigreSQL and VMWARE API calls.

Installation, configuration, integration, tuning, backup, crash recovery, upgrades, patching,
monitoring system performance, system and network security and troubleshooting of ILnux/Unix servers.

Qucried MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MYSQL Connector and MYSQL DB package to retrieve information,

Developed wrapper in Python for instantiating multi-threaded application.

Implemented a login module for user, registration of the products, placing the order and tracking the order.

Wrote Python routines to log into the websites and fetch data for selected options.

Designed email marketing campaigns and created interactive forms that saved dala into database using DJANGO framework.

Python Developer

ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2015

Wrote python scripts to parse xml documents and load the dais in the database.

Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for cast timestamp data manipulation and retrieval,

Was involved in the environment, code installation as well as the syn implementation.
Cleaned dala and processed third-party spending data into maneuverable deliverables within
specific formats with excel macres and python libraries.

Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the data.

Collaborated with internal teams to convert end user feedback into meaningful and improved
solutions.

This project also used other technologies like jquery for javascript manipulations, bootstrap for
the front-end html layout.

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelors in Computer Scienoe - 2009{West Bengal University Of Technology }

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines
