Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@awikresume,corm

fied Website > vow. qwikre sume, com
Certi Victim Advocate Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY

Certified Victim Advocate seeking a Legal Advocate position in where the skills and knowledge can
be used and enhanced to the fullest. To serve the organization with the knowledge and also
enhance the skills to have a growth in the same with along terrn cornrnitrnent is the objective.
The motive Is to be a part of the organization with a willingness to accept responsibilities and
achieve challenging goals

SKILLS

Bilingual, Microsoft Office, Management, Leadership Development, Security, Training &
Development

WORK EXPERIENCE

Certified Victim Advocate
Victirn Outreach Inc. - 2015 - 2019

* Provide liaison and coordination between multiple Police Departments, mental health
professions, rape crisis centers, and case follow-up.

* Reviews and assesses violent crime reports as reported to the police by crime victims,
witnesses, etc,

* Contacts victims of violent crimes (particularly domestic violence); provide information
regarding the legal process, resources (i.e, shelter care, treatrnent and education programs,
legal assistance, financial aid), and investigation process.

* Keeps statistical records of victim contacts, Assists clients in filling out and filing protective
orders,

* Attend protective order hearings and other court proceedings with the client.

* Provides emotional support and crisis intervention for victims of crime.

* Obtain restitution inforrnation from victirns and provide alternate rneans for the victim to be
compensated for darnages incurred as a result of criminal behavior.

Victim Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2010- 2015

* Accompany victims to court proceedings and informs victims about their constitutional and
statutory mandated victims rights,

* Ensure proper case docurnentation for victirns services using both 4 paper-based and
computer automated case management system,

+ Maintains statistical records on victims served and services provided.

* Assistin the delivery, explanation, and follow-up of victim impact staternents,

* Keep victims informed of proceedings with the criminal justice systern.

* Serves as a liaison between Victims, Prosecution and Court Staff,

* Assesses victirn needs and acts as a resource for cornmunity service referrals.

EDUCATION

B.S, in Family Studies & Hurnan DevelopmentyThermatic - August 2005(University of Arizona)

O This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines