123 Elm Street
Miami, FL 33183

JESSE KENDALL

Foop & BEVERAGE CONSULTANT

Results-driven, quality-focused, and dedicated consultant with over nine years of proven operational, financial, and
personnel management success in entreprencurial and corporate roles. Demonstrated strengths leading in high-volurne,
customer service oriented environments. Track record of increasing revenue, improving operational efficiency, and
creating productive tearns.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

ABC YAcHT CLUB - Miami, FL 20xx to Present

Food & Beverage Consultant

Direct all daily operations of this 175-seat private dining club with 630 members and annual sales of $2 million. Oversee all
kitchen, restaurant, and bar operations. Manage all accounting and corporate reporting functions. Review and assist department
heads with recruiting plans, hiring decisions, and training programs. Forecast and schedule a staff of 40, balancing service needs
and profit goals. Develop and control the annual budget.

Notable Accomplishments:
> Generated increases in gross sales and operating profits through exceptional service and effective F&B menu pricing.
Created seasonal menus that introduced innovative dishes while respecting established favorites.
Booked dining events for private parties of up to 350 guests, ensuring excellent quality and service.
> Gained advanced expertise in wines, liqueurs, alcohol, and beers through management of bar operations.
Wrote comprehensive policy, procedure, and operational employee handbook.
Developed staff potential, fostering promotional growth of several employees.
Supervised complete interior and exterior renovation.
Actively participated in numerous fund-raising events for community non-profit organizations.

BCD PARKS & RESORTS - Miami, FL 20xx to 20xx

Food & Beverage Consultant

Improved operations for award-winning fine dining restaurants, the steak house, the sports lounge, and four bars with S18
million annual revenue. Partnered with the Executive Chef on menu concepts, planning, design, and costing to ensure
profitability. Initiated sanitation standards; ensured satisfactory inspections and compliance with all state and federal regulators
and agencies. Oversaw revenue management, supervision, procurement, and restaurant renovations.

Notable Accomplishments:

> Achieved the highest bottom-line profit and sanitation/health inspection scores in five years.
Proposed and coordinated private-label wine and coffee programs that translated into retail sales.
Developed a new image for the outdated restaurant; created a regional menu concept, carried out an interior redesign, and
devised marketing strategies.

> Increased staff productivity/job satisfaction and improved overall survey scores by 11%.

CDE Hosprrauity Grour - Miami, FL 20xx to 20xx

Food & Beverage Consultant / Controller

Improve operations of sclected restaurants for the front and back of house. Hire Chefs and Gencral Managers and assist in
setting new quality standards. Write and define standard operating procedures, job descriptions, and purchasing guidelines.

Notable Accomplishments:

> Played instrumental role in creating and implementing vision for 8/V 54, a fine dining steak house; developed menu /
recipes, established inventory, ordering and purchasing controls, trained staff, and represented B/N 54 as Executive Chef.

> Created new budgets to ensure profitability and executed a highly effective weekly P&L system.

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor's Degree in Hospitality Management, XYZ University, Miami, FL, 20xx ServSafe Certified


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).