CANDIDATE LEVEL: Senior-Level Candidate

Oracle PL/SQL Developer Pian 02) 45600 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

R O B E RT S M IT H Website: cammemmery

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

Oracle PL/SQL Developer with over 2 years of prograrnming experience as an Oracle PL/SQL
Developer in Analysis, Design, and Implernentation of Business Applications using the Oracle
Relational Database Management Systern (RDBMS). Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Software
Development Life Cycle) from analysis, design, development, testing, implernentation, and maintenance with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines.

SKILLS
------

Cracle 10q/11g (SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Triggers), MS SQL SERVER DB2, Teradata, MS
Access, ETL Tools; Informatica (Power Center AB Initio And SQLLoader.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
Discover Financial Services - january 2014 - June 2015

Invelving inthe full development cycle of PLanning, analysis, design, development, testing,
and implementation.

Designing logical and physical data models for star and snowflake schemas using Erwin.
Created and modified SQL PLus, PL/SQL and SQL Loader scripts for data conversions.
Developed and modified triggers, packages, functions and stored procedures for data conversions and PL/SQL procedures to create database objects dynarnically based on user
inputs.

Wrote SQL, PL/SQL, SQL PLUs programs required to retrieve data using cursors and exception
handling,

Cramine Indexes on tables to improve the performance by eliminating the full table scans and
views for hiding the actual tables and to eliminate the complexity of the large queries.
Coordinating with the front-end design tear to provide thern with the necessary stored procedures and packages and the necessary insight into the data.

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
ABC Corp - 2013 - 2014

Involved in the continuous enhancements and fixing of production problerns.

Generated server-side PL/SQL Scripts for data manipulation and validation and materialized
views for remote instances.

Developed PL/SQL triggers and master tables for autornatic creation of primary keys.
Completed application coding assignments that meet provided technical specifications and end-user requirements,

Participated in the design process that generates application functional and technical specifications.

Documented the application design specifications and implementation procedures to improve application quality and reuse of code,

Assisted in the creation of unit, integration, function, and performance test scripts to improve
application quality and ensure fulfillment of requirements.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines
