Robert Smith

Associate Network Security Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Experienced Security Consultant with eight years of IT experience with a focus on designing and developing security solutions, Skilled & technically
proficient with multiple firewall solutions, network security, and Information security practices.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Associate Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation- April 2013 - April 2014 Re sponsibilities:
= Responsible for Security infrastructure engineering as well asa Microsoft Windows, UNIX, Checkpoint Firewalls, Juniper firewalls, PIX
firewalls, Bluecoat Proxies, Juniper Intrusion Prevention devices, and wireless switch Security Management.
= Conducted monitoring, optimizing, problern resolution, root cause analysis, and managed all aspects of access to specified systerns.
- Designed, wrote, and maintained cornmon procedures, SLis and EXECs for installed operating systems. = Organized, allocated, and supervised use of disk space for libraries, files, and common work space, = Acts as a professional assistant or project team member in hardware evaluation, configuration, and software evaluation projects. = Reviewed, analyzed, developed, installed, and modified Security Tools and systems, = Executed security controls to prevent hackers frorn infiltrating cornpany information or jeopardizing programs.

Network Security Engineer
ABC Corporation- 2009 - 2013 Responsibilities:

= Responsible for maintaining the technical components of the Information security architecture.

= Utilized practical expertise in TCP/IP protocols and systern administration for purposes of maintaining and troubleshooting network
security measures.

= Enforced network security policies through technical means.

= Maintained firewalls and other security controls.

= Supported the use of encryption and public/private key technologies by EarthLink employees,

- Responsible for responding to and resolving Incidents reported by the NOC or by other employees via the Inforrnation Security Departments trouble ticketing system & quot; Minion &quot; ,

= d) Network Engineer Planned, installed, troubleshoot, and maintained EarthLinks pool of dial-up access equipment, Cisco and Cabletron
Routers; maintained FDDI and Ethernet cables and power supplies, installed hardware, including filers, switches, hub,

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------ Network Administration.

LANGUAGES

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.