MICHAEL PARKER

310 South West Street 999-888-7777
Rye, NY 55555 michaelp@earthlink net

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER

10 years’ experience in planning, developing, and implementing state of the art information solutions Facilitating
corporate growth, Lead cross-functional teams with diverse technical backgrounds. Designed budget controls, Adept at
consensus building, crisis management, problem-solving and negotiating. well-rounded IT background of infrastructure
management (networks, systems, web-hosting) and software development management. MS in Computer Science,
Strengths:

= Strategic Thinking - Secured $3,000,000 in capital funding over 2-year period with estimation that project
will add $17,700,000 in walue through error-rate reduction and product improvement.

= Innovation and Creativity - Championed use of Java, CORBA based multi-tier application architectures,
Object-Oriented Analysis and Design, UML, and RUP, many of which have mow been used company-wide,

= Risk Taking and Risk Management - Met all target goals by identifying and tracking hightisk areas, by
implementing risk mitigation early and contingency plans as needed, through proof-of-concept technical and
architectural prototyping, and by maintaining constant communication with program/project stakeholders.

= Results Orientation - Turned around key project that was one year behind schedule and met and exceeded
all goals and objectives, “We achieved B+ results with C- resources.” Adept VP of Biotechnology and Program
Sponser.

= Coaching and Mentoring - Most team members performed “above expectation” and all team members
raised level of their performance.

Meet aif target goals and deadtines within or below bodget.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

ADEPT CORPORATION, New York, NY, 1998-Present,
Leading global provider of technology-based solutions and agricultural products. Supply IT support for R&D
organization.

Program Manager, Data Management and Decision Support Systems, 2002-Present
Developed IT vision and budget estimates (total $4.5 million) for proposed project. Co-wrote project proposal and
developed project execution, staffing, architecture, and capacity plans. Project approved 6/2002.

= Expect project results to improve Intellectual Property Protection for company products, valued at $1 billion,

Program Manager, Biotech and Molecular Breeding IT Systems, 2000-2001

Developed national and international program vision, long+ange plans and goals and managed stakeholder and
sponser communication, Improved cost and schedule predictions of software projects utilizing estimation and
application sizing methodologies, Reduced risk of downtime in high-throughput environment preventing potential
loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars, Established “Best Practices” for software development projects at
organizational level, Experimented with Extreme Programming methodology that allowed for quicker delivery and
higher quality products. 21 direct reports,

= Helped reduce time-to-market for products by up to 2 years and lowered cost per data point 60% by enabling
increase in data throughput,

= Reduced laber costs 59 by restructuring teams, converting contractor positions to employee status, and
renegotiating contractor rates.

= Created cost-savings of $30,000 to $350,000 to the research organization by nitiating project to track
scientific leads eliminating duplication of research efforts. Delivered software product on schedule,

= Slashed number of software bugs reported 5096 by improving software quality through comprehensive
testing, code inspections, and standardizing and streamlining software development process.

= Recipient of Top Performance Bonus Award, 2000,


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.