Agriculture Worker Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH deca sacle

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Hard-working and dedicated individual looking to improve and utilize personal intellect and
professional experience to contribute to the organization's noble goals and sinuiltancously provide
excellent service and opportunities for company development and personal growth.

Customer Service, Critical Thinker, Multi-Task Management, Energetic And Organized.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Agriculture Worker
ABC Corporation - January 2006 - February 2010

Plant strawberry plants, move water pipelines, remove weeds and old strawberries.

Thinned apple trees Picked cherries Tied tree branches Manual labor which consists of 8 to 10

of labor a day.

Agriculture, shorting crops, feeding livestock. packing products for resale sorting craps,

fertilizing, spraying harvest.

Manually plant. cultivate, and harvest grapes and field crops.

Use hand tools, such as shovels, trowels, hoes, tampers, pruning hooks, shears, and knives.

Duties included tilling soll and applying [ertilizers; transplanting, weeding, thinning, or
pruning crops; applying pesticides; cleaning, packing.

Constructed trellises, repair fenecs and farm buildings, and participate in irrigation activities.

Agriculture Worker

Delta Corporation - 2002 - 2006

Plant strawberry plants, move water pipelines, remove weeds and old strawberries.

Thinned apple trees Picked cherries Tied tree branches Manual labor which consists of 8 to 10
of labor a day:

Agriculture, shorting crops, feeding livestock, packing products for resale sorting crops,
fertilizing, spraying harvest.

Manually plant, cultivate, and harvest grapes and field crops.

Use hand tools, such as shovels, trowels, hoes, tampers, pruning hooks, shears, and knives,
Duties incladed tilling soil and applying fertilizers; transplanting, weeding, thinning, or
pruning crops; applying pesticides; cleaning, packing.

Constructed trellises, repair fences and farm buildings, and participate in irrigation activities.

EDUCATION
---------

Diploma - 2005{Ing. Eduardo chavez - Valle Hermoso, Tamps.}

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Quwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).