Victor Lauren

JAVA DEVELOPER

® info@resumekraft.com 0 202-555-0120 9 Chicago, Illinois, US in linkedin.com/resumekraft

SUMMARY
-------

Highly skilled and dedicated Java Developer with over 5 years of experience in designing and developing
applications. Proficient in Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, and RESTful web services. Strong problem-solving
abilities and a proven track record of delivering high-quality software solutions on time. Excellent communication
skills and a collaborative approach to working in cross-functional teams. Seeking to leverage my skills and
experience to contribute to the success of a dynamic and innovative organization.

SKILLS
------ Objectoriented ®®©®o®® RESTful Web Services (OMOMOMOMO} pig A SQU/Database (OROMOMOMG)
Java SE/EE ®@®@e@O Management Spring Framework ®@®@®OeO Version Control (Git, SVN) © © © © @
Hibernate ORM (OMOMOMOMO) Testdriven Development ®®e@®eO
JSON/XML ©0666 (TOD) Problemsolving skills (COMOMOMOMO)

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Java Developer
Aurozen Technology LLP feb 2020 - Present

Collaborated with database architects and administrators to outline client system limitations for capacity and
load for data and processing projects.

Used Spring Boot Microservices Framework to design Restful APIs for Aurozen Fitness Application.

Created work schedules and solutions for debugging and fixing defects to resolve customer complaints and
issues.

Analyzed project documents and projected deadlines and actual project updates and made necessary
adjustments to expected completion dates.

Java Intern
Zmedios Technology Pvt. Ltd. Jan 2079 - Jan 2020

Completed Java projects by following specifications and configuring devices and components an provided
routine maintenance of computer equipment as needed.

Paid close attention to customers’ concerns and addressed their queries and achieved an exceptional level of
customer service.

Controlled all confidential and proprietary information released to company clients.

Developed programs for Web Application platforms using HTML and CSS programming languages.

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor of Engineering
San Jose State University Apr 2076 - Apr 2020

Higher Secondary School Certificate
Northeastern University War 2015- Mar 2076


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.