. 22 Street Rd.
John Smith City, State 00000
Phone: (222) 222-2222

Email: email@address.com

JOURNALIST * PUBLIC RELATIONS PROFESSIONAL

Senior managing editor, journalist, social media specialist and public rekstions coordinator with a Bachelor of
Journalism and more than 6 years of experience with various high-profile events and international print and online
publications, Developed a highly acclaimed reputation for publishing superior, high quality coment and
revamping the editorial voice for a national online magazine. Skilled in field reporting, writing stories, public
speaking, news research and production, developing creative story ideas, finding sources, utilizing Facebook.
Twitter, YouTube, blogs and other social media outlets as well as planning and executing events,

Proficient in community and public outreach, multimedia communications, publications management and crisis
management. Accomplished in managing relationships with print and broadcast media personalities. Skilled in
large-scale event coordination. Distinguished from peers by outstanding eye for detail, creative Mair, and resolute
clermination to maximize quality in fast-paced environments. Acknowledged for executing balanced judgment
in critical projects, delivering on-time, high-quality work, and willingness t share expert technical knowledge
with team members. Maintain an extensive network of industry contacts.

CORE COMPETENCIES

- Blog & Website Management © Media & Public Relations

- Expert New Media Knowledge ¢ Product & Brand Strategy

- Research, Writing, Editing & Publishing © Confident Written & Verbal Communication

- Extensive Network of Industry Contacts © Public Speaking & Presenting Project & Production Management © Organization & Time Management Strategic Planning & Develo; nt © Quality Assurance & Control Cross-Functional Team ership ¢ Issue Prevention & Troubleshooting

@ Technical Skill & Expertise © Microsoft Office Proficiency

OftheNow Blog, Foramto, ON
reator... Apr. 2010-Present

Build, manage and edit blog focused on comtemporary culture, including fashion, food, film, beauty, travel, design
and music; update content with new posts 3-4 times’week and also sent a weekly wrap-up to all contacts

- Rescarch and write creative and original story ideas; cover local and international affairs
- Conduct social media and outreach projects; keep Twitter and Facebook pages current and updated

Persuasion Ink, Toronto, ON
Social Media Writer... May. 2010-Present

Develop content for clients such as Coca-Cola, KIA, Rogers and Cadbury to promote brand message through
social media outlets; assess clients’ needs and utilize Facebook, YouTube, blogs and Twitter to realize vision

- Write catch phrases to garner audience interest in client products and services
- Liaise with clients to cnsure satisfaction with content and direction

FubFinds, Toronto, ON
Content Writer... May. 2010-Preseat

Offer clients daily online deals on various products and services; portray deal and company in a witty tone in
conjunction with FabFinds voice and vision for audience of 18-40 year olds

- Research clients and offer deals; suggest and find new clients


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
(No extracurricular activities listed.)