CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

ROBERT SMITH Senior Mechanical Engineer LI

il: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

Dedicated, results-oriented engineer seeking career opportunities in a leading company where my wide
variety of skills, education, and experience can be used to progress the company, as well as gain the
knowledge and experience to advance professionally within the business.

SKILLS
------

ERP, Programming, VBA, CAD, Excel, Product Development, SQL.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Mechanical Engineer UI
ABC Corponition - 2001 - 2008

® Technical oversightand management of contacts for the procurement of equipment used in the dry
storage of spent naval nuclear fuel.

- ® Manage multiple contracts for the procurement of equipment ninging in valve from $10,000 to
$500,000.

® Provide written and verbal technical recommendations to the US Navy on equipment procurements
and problems,

® Generate cost estimates and purchase order technical requirements for equipment procurement.

- Conduct negotiations with vendors to ensure procurements are in line with the overall project budget and schedule.

® Oversight of equipment fabrication at vendor facilities, disposition of manufacturing discrepancies,
and field support during installation.

- Site coordinator of the integrated project schedule for the design, procurement, and installation of equipment used in dry storage of spent naval nuclear fuel.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
ABC Corponition - 1998 - 2001

® Mechanical engineering and muchine design of abrasive blasting systems for aircraft sipping
Designed several machines and mechanical systems from scratch which utilize pneumutic and electric motion contm!| for movement and articulatian.

® Designed cantrols logic for pneumatic and electric control led hardware systems, prognummed PLCs
for service.

- Redesigned and improved 4 system control valve which increased working life span by 400%.

® Developed process hurdware which allowed 10 times langer life than priar design.

- ® = Modeled valves and equipment rooms using computational fluid dynamics (CFD) with Cosmos.

- Performed on-site trouble shooting equipment, found root ciuses and implemented conective actions.

- This Ens Remus Tomphats = the copyright of Qwiknewimecom, Usage Galdsfines
