Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; info@qwikresume, corm

High School Teacher Website: uowu.aulbmesuime.£om

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Seeking a position as a training coordinator to utilize my proven teaching, team-building,
coordinating, planning and problem-solving abilities to develop and implernent company goals
and objectives, Seeking rewarding position utilizing skills working in post-secondary early
childhood education, helping Individuals of all ages succeed In life,

SKILLS
------

Management, Training, Administrative, Military,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

High School Teacher
ABC Corporation - August 2017 - Septernber 2017

Planned and taught lessons to high school students with an emphasis on the English
language, Assigned, coordinated and monitored performance of work activities for students,
Communicated and presented classroom and school rules and information to students and parents, Tailored lessons and activities to meet the Individual needs of each student
Designed es! content and academic and vocational skills training and conducted instructional
session using a variety of methodologies adapted to the learning styles of the participants in
my class sessions,

Maintain ongoing positive and productive cornmunication with parents to inforrn them of both
areas of improvement and achievements.

Attend and advise all student extracurricular activities including but not limited to cub
interact, advisor, club hawc advisor, basketball gare attendant, chaperone on various school
trips, and high school art show support.

Consistently adhere to all licensing standards and best practices of both the school and the
teaching profession,

Experiment through hands-on labs and utilize whole group, individual, and team learning styles,

Social Worker
ABC Corporation - Novernber 2005 - May 2012

Taught and facilitated groups and classes to assist Individuals and farnilies on various topics in
relation to healthy living skills.

Case management administration of psychological and social assessrnents.

Continuously motivate students and guide thern to obtain better results.

Highly skilled in analyzing content to students through the utilization of differentiation.
Received cornpliments from both principal and superintendent on formal evaluations.

Classes in advanced biology, public speaking, English and Hebrew studies,

Advised teachers on classroorn management skills and on disciplining positively.

EDUCATION
---------
Bachelor Of Arts in Psychology - 2005(University Of Oklahorna - Norman, OK }

- THs Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Guskie lines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
National American University