Data Scientist Assistant Phas: 02) SG fee

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Maria Garcia

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Data scientist with a strong math background and experience in big dala, machine learning, and
statistics, Passionate about explaining data science to non-technical business audicnecs.

Machine Learning, Data Mining, Bayesian Inference and.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Data Scientist Assistant
ABC Corporation ~- June 2009 - February 2012

Work closely with various teams across the company to identify and solve business challenges
utilizing large structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data in a distributed processing
environment.

Analyze large datasets to provide strategic direction to the company.

Perform quantitative analysis of product sales trends to recommend pricing decisions.
Conduct cost and benefit analysis on new ideas.

Serutinize and track customer behavior to identify trends and unmet needs.

Develop statistical models to forecast inventory and procurement cycles.

Assist in developing intemal tools for data analysis.

Data Scientist
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2009

Objective Logistics is a Google and Atlas venture-funded startup company.

It provides a web-based labor management platform (namely MUSE} that helps lift sales and improve guest experience.

tnvolved in the entire development cycle, including concept prototype, architecture design, code
implementation, unit/integration testing and bug fixing.

Analyzed large data sets, including 10 million cheeks from over 30 restaurants and 10,000 employees and studied MUSEs effects on store sales and individual employees.

Delivered the mulii-category ranking sysiem to evaluate staff performance (patent [1)}.

Built the configurable reporting system of key performance indicators (KPI).
Technologics/Tools C#, ASP.Net, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, {Query, MVC, Entity Framework, SQL Server, Windows Azure, Visual Studio. TFS, GitHub, MatLab, R, Excel..

EDUCATION
---------

MSe in Engineering - (University of Twente)

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Quwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines
