CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

Billy Taylor Auto Mechanic

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Billy Taylor comes to you with o strong background in diagnosing faults correctly, explaining
mechanical issues to clients, and performing physically challenging tasks for extended periods
of time. He is highly skilled in troubleshocting and repairing of gas, diesel and alttemate fuel
vehicles. Successfully maximized performance in consistently meeting goals within a rapid-
paced environment; requiring advanced planning, organization, and leadership skills.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE = Equipment maintenance

Car Dismanting General Maintenance

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Auto Mechanic
Ford Time Motors, Los Angeles, CA - May 2013 - Present Responsibilities:

¥ Responsible for performing all assigned vehicle repair and maintenance work in accordance with dealership and factory standards.

Performing preventive maintenance on automobiles.

Preformed overhauls and repairs engines and transmissions on gas and diesel equipment.
Performed tune-ups and cil changes on vehicles.

Tested vehicle's components systems te determine maffunction.

Repaired, relined, replaced parts, and adjusted brakes to ensure safety.

Checked and run vehicles to guarantee correct working orders.

Whiting reports about repairs.

Auto Mechanic
Alfa Group, Los Angeles, CA - June 2010 - May 2013

¥ Diagnosed and reported required repair and scheduled maintenance requirements to Service Manager.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Professional:

- Experience operating all types of vehicles and transportation equipment. Trained in electronic diagnostics.

Using gas and electic welding equipment.

Understanding of computenzed repair and testing systems.
Trained to operate emergency equipment such as fire extinguishers.
Performing welding repair to manufacturer's guidelines.

Knowledge of equipment inspection procedures. al

Licensed to drive a forklift truck.
Pomona § RESUME2017. NET ¥ Excellent communications skills.

- Possessing 0 valid driving license and a clean record.

¥ Maintaining cooperative working relationships with colleagues.

EDUCATION
---------

Aston College - HND 2008 - 2010 Coventry School; O levels Maths (A) English (B) Geography (B) Physics (A)

REFERENCES ovailable on request.

ee eee ee

eee eee
