Emily Walsh

HR Administrator

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Worked in call center taking Inbound/outbound calls Over fifteen years experience in retail sales, including: purchasing, inventory management,
advertising, human resources, etc. Skilled In developing successful sales promotions. Experienced in training and managing sales staff, Superior
customer service attributes and strong people rnanagernent skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

AR Administrator
ABC Corporation- May 1992 - March 2006 Responsibilities:
= Manage employee recruiting, evaluation and training programs and
procedures for cornpany with 275 ernployees.
= Review internal and external candidate applications and coordinate Interviews with appropriate departrnent and section heads.
= Established new perforrnance evaluation and tracking procedure, which has increased employee satisfaction with review process 45%.
- Established new accounts, and posted accounts receivable, = Prepare daily store deposit ensuring no discrepancies before store open.
- Handled floor and cash register sales in all store departrnents. = Assisted with ticket master sales and training.

HR Administrator
Martin Federal Credit Union - 1988 - 1992 Re sponsibilities:

= Responsible for the successful management of employee data frorn pre- hire to post-termination.

- Include supporting and planning the day to day operations of payroll and benefits, administration of the hiring process, records administration, interacting with accounting for HR Invoice payments, intranet maintenance, maintaining vendor relationships for critical functions.

- Maintain website as needed, including posting open jobs.

- Assist employees with their benefits as needed and resolve payroll issues/questions as required.

= Prepare reports as needed and conduct audits as required,

= Interpret and apply policies objectively,

- Include award winning service to intemal custorners for payroll and benefits administration, successful systems conversions and upgrades Including testing, planning and implementing for ADP and Paycor systems, training of company managernent and ernployees on payroll systems..

EDUCATION
--------- Diploma - (Cordero Baptist Academy - Corpus Christi, TX)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume. corn. Usage Guiielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Graphic Design, Grant Writing, Inventory Management, Recruitment, Branding, Marketing, Event
Planning.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
