Robert Ss mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; Info@ywikresume,corm

Regional Operations Manager Lead Website > www. qwikresume,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Diligent and resourceful professional offering competency within the full range of administrative
procedures, Capably handles competing demands for tirne and attention while maintaining a
positive and approachable derneanor, Articulate communicator with solid interpersonal skills
across all levels and backgrounds. Combines a client-focused work ethic with proactive problem
solving strengths. Enthusiastic team player with quick-study capabilities, appreciated by others for
willingly stepping up to any challenge.

SKILLS
------

Operations.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Regional Operations Manager Lead
ABC Corporation - August 1985 - July 1994

Responsible for the day to day operations of seven (7) video stores situated in four (4) states,
Maintained all required Corporate, Local, Sate and Federal tax files.

Provided a variety of reports to Corporate on a weekly basis to include Internal audits, employee Wage, Account Balance, Cash Flow, Sales and Inventory Status.

Ensured all locations had appropriate video inventory and supplies necessary to operate.

In addition to the above, the following duties were performed Hired, trained and managed Store Managers and Assistant Managers,

Provided evaluation and consultation reports,

Maintained computer hardware and software.

Regional Operations Manager
ABC Corporation - 1984 - 1985

Managed the Implernentation and ongoing maintenance of discharge planning program for Gulf Coast region overseeing remote, direct reports in Texas and New Mexico,

Structured, introduced and trained hospital partners on prograrn,

Identified areas of Improvement in discharge process In individual markets,

Conducted regular update check-ins with hospital partners and programm management before, during, and after implementation.

Led training sessions with hospital leadership tearn to introduce program,

Fostered a positive work environment, conducted annual perforrnance and salary reviews,
performance management, recruitment, retention, termination and related personnel actions.
Presented data metrics to all hospital partners and accounts.,

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Grskie lines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
University of Michigan