Public Relations Assistant Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH eee eacanccaleonemere

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Outstanding customer service skills Works well under stressful situations Able to work well with
other employees as part of a team Strong comprebension of instructional details Extreme attention
to detail,

Event planning. fundraising and Outside sales.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Public Relations Assistant
ABC Corporation - 200! - 2005

Provide direct pastoral care to terminally ill patients and their families in their homes, the
hospital and nursing homes as well as to facility and hospice staffs.

Provided ministry, crisis intervention and grief management to familles/friends of the deceased
and to medical stall.

Collaborate with patients spiritual care leader.

Collaborated with interdisciplinary team and educated them on any special spiritual/ritual
needs of the patient and family.

Officiate funerals for hospice patients upon request,

Plan and officiate memorial services al area nursing homes for staff and residents.

Plan and officiate annual memorial ceremony for families of deceased hospice patients,

Public Relations
ABC Corporation - 1998 - 2001

Responsibilities Provided excellent customer service to consumers by answering questions about products, helping with problems, resolving conflict and maintaining a pleasant and
cheerful atmosphere.

Ability to direct and work well with others,

Strong verbal communication skills.

Received various awards for outstanding customer relations.

Trained and directed others.

Worked all aspects and areas of the store.

Skills Used PUBLIC RELATIONS Collaborates with team to support client deliverable deadlines.
working on assigned projects as needed Owns/ prioritizes and complete team or client projects
on time, updating relevant team members as necessary Understands.

EDUCATION
---------

MASTERS OF ARTS in MINISTRY - (AQUINAS INSTITUTE OF THEOLOGY)

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.