ETL Developer/SQL Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Jamal Jackson

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Over 10 years of experience in Information Technology with a strong background in Database
development and Data warehousing and nearly § years of experience in ETL process using Informatica Power Center, Good knowledge of Data warehouse concepts and principles.

SKILLS
------ SQL.

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- ETL Developer/SQL Developer

ABC Corporation - June 2005 - January 2007

Responsibilities Involved tn full life cycle development including Design, ETL strategy, troubleshooting Reporting. and Identifying facts and dimensions,

Prepared the required application design documents based on functionality required Designed
the ETL processes to load data from Oracle, Flat Files (Fixed Width), and Excel files to siaging
database and [rom staging to the target Oracle Data Warehouse database.

Involved in cleansing and extraction of data and defined quality process for the warchouse.
Documented ETL test plans, test cases, test scripts, test procedures, assumptions, and
validations based on design specifications for unit testing, system testing, expected results,
preparing test data and loading for testing. error handling and analysis.

Strong Experience on writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures in Oracle Databases, Developed shell seripts, SQL procedures, for creating/dropping of table and indexes of
performance for pre and post session management.

Created documentation on mapping designs and ETL processes.

ETL Developer

ABC Corporation - 2002 - 2005

SummarySEW Infrastructure Lid,, has diversified into construction like lined irrigation canal,
dams cte.

has implemented Oracle ¢-business solutions.

They were maintaining their financial data in Tally over the years.

The project involved extracting the data from embedded database and loading it into Oracle e-
Business suite.

Roles & Responsibilities Complex Business Rules are implemented to identify error records Developing ETL transformations Writing Procedures, Functions, and Querics as per
requirement.

Customer interaction for requirement analysis for designing reports using SSRS Application
development required by Customer for interfacing with scripts in C#.net.

Handling issues raised by clients in Production Support environment Preparing test scripts
and reviewing the test results and Tuning of the mappings to enhance the performance =
Corporate Computer Solutions Environment SQL Server 2005, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS Windows XP.

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines
