JESSE KENDALL - Freelance Fashion Designer

123 Bm Street - Miami, FL 33183 - 305.555.5555 - jkendallanotmail.com

QuauiFicATIONS SUMMARY

ForwarcHthinking trend analyst with commended experience in developing designs by hand and computer. Skilled at
working with smal to large teams in start-up organizations to well-established national companies. Adept at saving
costs by negotiating with vendors. Areas of expertise include:

Foreign / Fabric and Trim Developrnent / Product Development / Sample Sewing / Rat Pattern / Draping
Construction / Fitting / Color and Lab Dip Approval / Tearn Leadership / Technical Packages / Costume Design
Garment Specifications / Screen Printing / Graphics / Textile Design / Presentation Boards / Wardrobe Styling

Creative CONTRIBUTIONS

ABC APPAREL - Miami, FL
Produces knit tops, bottoms, dresses, jackets / outerwear, and sweaters with factanes in Asia.

Freelance Cut and Sew / Woven Designer... 2 Oxx - BOxx
Developed conternporary and missy private label design tearm while reporting to Design Director with Ralsey Group (owned by ABC
Apparel). illustrated garments using Adobe Illustrator. Designed core groups [i.8., white shirt package and ponte pants). Generated
specs and produced acourate and detailed technical packages [which included specs for self-created designs]. Performed market
research, evaluating new trends, hteracted with overseas offices to venfy delivery, resolve any problems, and provide necessary
clarification.

- Served as leading cornputer illustrator because of level of efficiancy dernonstrated.
- - Improved flow of design process by making suggestions concerning color ways and methods for using prints and tnms.

BCD DENIM - Miami, FL Startup that focused on producing contemporary plus-size clothing line and jeans.
Freelance Fashion Designer / Consultant. 2 Dxx - BOxx
Offered operations advice and designed lines to present to potential investors Consulted on working with domestic and overseas:
factories. Performed fittings and fit approvals.
Design Highlights

»* Conquered chalenge of creating plus-size garments while fulfilling responsibilities of fulltime role.

- Made numerous invaluable suggestions. [Company implemented vast majority of them on most occasions.) Recommended where and how to obtain fabrics, trims, and factones.

CDE CLOTHING - Miami, FL Startup that focused an producing contemporary plus-size clothing line and jeans.

Freelance Designer / Fashion Consultant ... 2 Oxx - BOxx
Dasigned junior missy denim clothing. Developed new silhouettes and styles that incorporated cutting-edge denim finishes. Creatad
flat sketches and digtal illustrations. Participated in fit meetings to ensure design vision was property executed. Partnered with
merchandising team to align styling premises with brand strategies.

e@ Created over 40 designs that were selected for development.

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor's Degree in Fashion Design, XYZ University, Miami, FL, 20xx


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.