Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; info@qwikresume, corm

General Manager Of Operations heli im opepapreey ec

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------
Over twenty years in Supply Chain Management. Promoted to higher levels of responsibility with

an exemplary record of reducing costs while continuing to bulld cognitive teams and infrastructure. Have operational turn around experience.

SKILLS
------

Inventory Management, Department Management, General Management, District Management.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

General Manager Of Operations
DAI Specialty Foods - May 2013 - 2020

Oversaw the entire production staff,

Responsible for Customer service via telephone, internet &amp; face to face, operating a multi-line phone systern, scheduling customer appointments.

Able to boost sales fromthe prior year by 25% by avidly booking each customer that called for an estimate.

Able to sort incoming trucks/dumpsters into recyclable bins, resale items, construction waste,
and household trash &arnp; eliminate uneeded labor hours.

Successfully transitioned from office manager to recycling manager to general laborer to accountant at all times of the day.

Responsible for each aspect of finding, preparing, and openirig the retail space,
Responsible for 325 personnel including sales services, warehousing, distribution and logistics, procurement and customer service tearns.

General Manager Of Operations
Delta Corporation - 2012- 2013

Current General Manager for Bakers Square Managed several restaurants In over 17-year history with company Responsible for maintaining quest ,

The trick to delegation is following up,

It holds everyone accountable,

Build and retain quality tearm members Build bench strength- Last 4 General Managers were from my location.

Prepare and maintain profit and loss staternents, budgets and targets, food and labor costs
Ensure cornpliance with brand and industry standards ,

Interview, hire, train, schedule and terminate employees Ensure compliance with liquor licensing laws as well as local governing law enforcement ,

Abrarns&arnp; Northwest hwy,

EDUCATION
---------

BS in Sciences and Management Inforrnation Systerns - 1992(George Mason University - Fairfax,
VA)

- THs Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Guskie lines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.