CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

Senior Aviation Operations Pian 02) 45600 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

Sp ecialist Website; www.qwikresume.com

Linkedin:

ROBERT SMITH Address 1737 Marshvlle Road

Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

Independent and arnbitious Senior Aviation Operations Specialist, with the ability to tackle and
adjust to any situation. Energetic and always willing to leam. Developed proper time management
and leadership skills through the military, as well as great cormmunication skills and acute
attention to detail.

SKILLS
------

Microsoft Word, Team Building, Customer Service, First Ald, CPR

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Aviation Operations Specialist
ABC Corporation - july 2012 - April 2014

Accompanied aircraft as a member of the flight crew in order to monitor and handle cargo an
a flight.

Armand and demonstrated safety and emergency procedures. Assisted with the Safety Risk Managernent (SRM) process,

Informed pilots of potentially hazardous conditions Issues landing and take-off authorizations
Maintained air-to-ground and point-to-point radio contact with aircraft commanders, Monitored aircraft using radar, computer equipment or visual references,

Monitored the movernent of aircraft to minimize delays and maximize safety Coordinated communication between air traffic control and maintenance personnel,

Determined the timing or procedures for flight vector changes.

Directed ground crews in the loading and unloading of aircraft cargo or baggage,

Aviation Operations Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2011

Helped operate and maintain one of the largest fleets of aircraft in the United States Army,
Hundreds of transport, passenger and combat airplanes, and helicopters fly missions every day.

Keeping accurate flight information helped keep operations safe and efficient,

Helped prepare and provide flight information for air and ground crews as well as pass along
mission status/updates.

Scheduling and dispatching tactical aircraft missions.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.
This Is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION
---------
High School Diploma - September 2007 (Schenectady High School - Schenectady, NY)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines
