JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. - City, State - OD000 - Cel 222 222.2222 - email@address.com

SUMMARY
-------

SKILLS &

STRENGTHS

Entry-Level Job Targets:
MAINTENANCE ENGINEER * MECHANICAL ENGINEER

Offering 3 years of experience applying expert-level knowledge in Automation Marketing to catapult productivity 75%, double efficiencies, and
win a loyal client. Successfully attained academic and project goals in _ demanding curriculum with high standards through aggressive

of logical, systematic, and analytical skills. A valued a team participant, skilled at calling on customers directly and partnering with them to unvel
won! sJeperabe reek bushes, Ppt anaes. Respond to on-the-job challenges with confidence, determination, and focus.

Quickly gain the trust, confidence, and respect of team members, clients, management, and key Gecision-makers to promptly and accurately report

Notes, Sharepoint Administration, and Banner: bring added knowledge of CAD, CAM, and CAE. Fluent in English and Language. Proven leadership
abilities and “go-getter” attitude that contribute to individual and team goals.

- Areas of Study & Training: Instrumentation - Mechanical Engineenng Design - Operation Research - Production Planning & Control - Power Plant, Automobile, Thermal, & Production Engineenng - Advanced Strength of Materials - Industrial Electronics - Heat & Mass Transfer - Refrigeration & Air Conditioning - Metallurgy & Material Sciences

- Added Value: Requirements Analysis - Competitive Bidding - Project Scheduling & Coordination - Documenting & Reporting - Testing & Quality Assurance

School Name - City ... Date Certificate Name

- Took the initiative to grade approximately 250 exams for Political Science coursework; as a result, the lecturer - who typically performed this responsibility - was able to devote more time to his own projects

- Proofread 50 articulation agreements and Memorandums of Understanding in only 15 days - more than 5 times faster than average

- For internship assignment, established a database that converted articulation agreement paper copy to on-line status so this information can be accessed instantly - a dramatic improvement from the previous 4- to 5-day turnaround accession rate

School Name - City ... Date Bachelor of Program Name

JOHN SMITH - 222.222.2222 - email@address.com ... p. 1 of 2


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Conversational English; English as a second language.