Robert Smith

Home Builder

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Secure an entry-level Home Builder position with utilizing skills described below, Looking to make a long-term commitment to an employer and earn
Increased responsibility.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Home Builder
ABC Corporation- March 2007 - January 2009

Responsibilities:

Built custorn homes from start to finish.

Cornpleted teardown of existing structures and prepared for new construction.

Dug trenches, backfilled holes, and cornpacted earth to prepare for new construction.

Provided accurate rneasurernents and estimates for all projects.
Consistently assumed additional responsibilities and worked extended hours to meet project deadlines.

Monitored inventory and reported |terns to be restocked for each job.
Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.

Home Builder
Delta Corporation - 2005 - 2007

Responsibilities:

Frame up houses and decks etc.

Selection Coordinator Creatively managed 30 homes consistently during design phase Sold horneowners on major upgrades increasing builder
profit .

Participated in the building and construction of all ongoing commercial and residential projects.0x0a Helped plan and schedule build times
and .

Accomplish construction objectives by selecting, assigning and scheduling sub contractors while cornmunicating job .

Inspect work in progress to ensure that workmanship conforms to specifications.

Adherence to construction schedules,

Establish and maintain an effective and professional onsite working relationship with sales staff, inspectors, horneowners and sub
contractors,

EDUCATION
--------- High School Diploma - (Clinton high School - Clinton, IL)

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------

Management Skills, MS Office, Building Skills, Interpersonal Skills,

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Harvard University