Greg Baker

Sr. Building Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Highly qualified Building Engineer with experience In the industry. Enjoy creative problem solving and getting exposure on multiple projects, and |
would excel in the collaborative environment on which your corpany prides itself,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Sr. Building Engineer
ABC Corporation- 2007 - 2009 Re sponsibilities:
= Maintained and supported 4 buildings and supervised housekeeping and mailroorn personnel.
= Maintained heating/cooling systems, boilers, chillers, heat purnps, exhaust fans and air handling units, handled heat pump repair,
electrical, plumbing, door and all types of repairs.
= Retrofitted building with eneray efficient lighting and water conservation systems.
- = Researched and improved heat pump rebuilding,
- Saved over $3K on PM schedules on air handlers.
- Worked with ernergency backup systems and preventive maintenance on Computer Roorn Air Conditioning (CRAC),
- Negotiated a new flat roof for one of the buildings.

Building Engineer
ABC Corporation- 2005 - 2007 Re sponsibilities-

- Maintaining building operations for 110,000 square foot, 105 year old historic buildings Responsible for maintenance and upkeep off 11 buildings

- Perform preventative maintenance and repairs on all restaurant equipment for multiple restaurants,

- Supervised the Balcony room roof and patio renovation.

= Troubleshot and diagnosed Pop Stand (separate restaurant) power issues while Chief Engineer was out of town.

- Recruited 7 contractors to ald mein 4 250 foot underground wire pull

= We started at 300 pm and the project was complete and Pop Stand was
at full power by 700 prn

= Installed new snow melt system for golf cart ramp Annually rade and painted ice for the ice hockey rink

EDUCATION
---------

Certificate in Industrial Maintenance - (Metropolitan Community College- Omaha, NE)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Quick learner, very rellable,extrimley mechanically and electronically inclined.
Result-driven achiever with exemplary planning and organizational skills, along with a high degree
of detail orientation.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
