Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabama

Client Advocate (123}-456-7899 info@qwikresume,com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

To obtain a position that will allow me to utilize my capabilities | have SKILLS

achieved throughout my past work experience; a fulfilling position where | Microsoft Office,

am able to utilize my technical and administrative skills, providing the mast Customer Service,

premium client care while performing a variety of tasks, while maintaining Banking, Collections,
, 5

the ability to prioritize, respond and relay pertinent information to all

parties involved. Retail, Service Industry,

Organizational, Detail Oriented, Multi-taski WORK EXPERIENCE cia Camis Client Advocate Date Eee Depereeh ee
ABC Corporation- August 2007 - October 2008 Ie SonsDuves LANGUAGES
- Served as the primary point of contact for spa and prospective mambers English (Native) ¥ French (Professional) = Assisted spa members by using electric clippers to shave members Spanish (Professional) treatment areas, = Applied topical anesthetic onto members needing their treatment areas numb. INTERESTS
- Scheduled future appointments for current and prospective members. Climbing = Maintained the schedule of multiple clinicians using RCM database Snowboarding (program specifically made for Reveal MedSpa, including reviewing the Cooking schedule to ensure that the proper equiprnent issued on the correct Reading members.
- Maintained, updated, and effectively utilized the spa centers database.
- Created and maintained members physical charts. REFERENCES Reference - 1 (Company Client Advocate Name)
ABC Corporation- 2004 - 2007 Reference - 2 (Company resets Name) Re sponsibilities:

= Salvation Army Open Door, Marysville Assist consumers In accessing community based resources.

= Support consumers in maintaining their stability in thelr community.

= Receptionist duties, as well as customer service duties for the reach prograrn.

= Open and close Drop-in Center,

- Perforrn basic office tasks, coordinate groups, chores and budgeting tools,

= Prepare and maintain report.

= (February, 2007 to june 2010).

EDUCATION
---------

Certified and licensed in Cna/Gna - 2016(Nurse one inc - Lanham, MD)

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.