JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. Phone: 222-222-2222

City State 00000, danny sarees feamas com

‘Seeking Position As:
SALES PROFESSIONAL
High-produoing, performance-driven Sates Professionat with supeD sales talemt, able 40 qucily and easily buld rapport and estabiish
trust with clients: strong leadership and motivational skis; recogrized for commitment to excellence and consistently exceeding
fevenue goals and winnng awards for top performing achievements.
- 100% Commission-Driven ¢ High-impact Presentaton Skils ¢ Top Revenue Generator
- Superior Oral Comnuricabons @ Persuasion & Negotaton Techaques: @ Quiehly & Easily Bulkts Rapport

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
> 10+ Years Experience in Setting Timeshare Vacation Packages resuting in achieving TOP PERFORMER in Sales Volume for

>> History of Meeting and Exceeding Target Goats: My approach i unique because | have only 90 minutes fatal to present a
vacation package, speak one-cn-one with the cfents and then close the dex by asking for $10k to 20k: thernéare the need fo focus
on Short-levm saies strategies is crucial in successfully returning consistent highmachieving results. Even in the face of chalenging
economic times and an uira competitive markt, im able to produce revenue growth and achieve TOP PERFORMER states.

> Communication / Highimpact Presentations. Suped presentation siults wile mantaning active audience engagement,
present So chents in both 2 group setting and one-on-one for 45 minutes, generate enthusiasm and exctement and strang ability to
create a need for the product a service m seling’ uniize effective persuasion and negotiation techniques fo appea! to the needs of
the cient.

> Sales Management / Motivating Sales Teams: Aftor actweving consistent high sales performance. | was promoted to Sales
‘Manages in which | was accountable for motivating, training ard coaching a successful team of Sales Represantstives through their
process o! selling imeshare vacetion packages, held weekly sales meetings and conducted on-gaing traning and mentoring to
continue generating revenue growth and chant oase.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Flash Point Marketing Fairmont, 6C, Saves Representative dan. 2008 - Dec. 2010
ptm or Mempxe tah enter onttaner som bagged erasing timeshare clents and converting them trom
‘vaditonal vacabon ownership I a point system, successfully Converted: ftom bray 000 cients.

Chateau World of Resorts, Edenonton, AB, Sales Manager Jan, 2005 - Jan. 2006
- Managed a team of people seling timeshare packages for vacation resort in Canmore, AB, administered HR duties by hiring staff and conducting performance evalussors Provided the developer with frequent statistcal reports on the dosing of resort sales.

Club All Seasons, Edmonton, AB, Sales Manager Jan. 2002 ~ Jan 2005
Manages a team of people selling tmesnare packages for vacation resort in Mont Tremblant, QC; administered HR duties by hiring statt

2nd conducting performance evaluanons. Prowded the developer wit frequent statistcal reports on he chosing of resort sabes

‘SunCatcher Vacation Club, Edmonton, AB, Sales Representative Sept. 1999 - Jan. 2002

- Sold tmeshare vacation packages for 2 Resort developer in Phoenix, AZ; Top Performer in 2000 & 2001

EDUCATION
---------

Business Diploma, Major in Accounting Northem Aterta Institute of Technology, Edmonton, AB


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.