Alexander Taylor

Python Developer | Data Specialist

@ help@enhancv.com @ linkedin.com

9 San Antonio, Texas

SUMMARY
-------

Enthusiastic Python Developer with over two years’ experience in HTML, JavaScript, and web development. Skilled in fetching and cleaning data,
building APIs and web crawling. Seeking a challenging opportunity to utilize these skills and grow further in the field of data science.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Junior Python Developer

Cognizant
@8 2019-2020 9 San Antonio, Texas

Worked on HTML, JavaScript and Python development projects, with a focus on data

fetching and cleansing.

- Developed Python scripts for Web Crawling and Web scraping resulting in 30% increased efficiency.

- Assisted in building APIs on top of cleaned data sets, which helped to automate data flow from multiple sources.

- Worked on storing extracted data into SQL / No SQL data store.

Web Developer

Accenture
@3 2018-2019 9 San Antonio, Texas

Worked on web development projects using HTML and JavaScript. Gained Python skills on the job.

- Created dynamic and interactive web pages which improved customer interaction by 40%.

- Developed complex JavaScript functions to improve web page efficiency.

¢« Automated HTML and CSS tasks by implementing preprocessor scripting language, decreasing production time by 25%.

EDUCATION
---------

Master of Science in Computer Science

University of Texas
@§ 2016-2018 9 San Antonio, Texas

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

Texas Tech University
@9 2012-2016 9 Lubbock, Texas

LANGUAGES

English Spanish Native & ® oO 2 & Intermediate @ ©

STRENGTHS

VW Critical Thinking

Effectively used critical thinking to troubleshoot and solve challenging development problems
while at Accenture.

@ Communication

At Cognizant, successfully communicated technical data complications and helped the team to overcome them.

@ Teamwork

Collaborated with development team to deliver over 10 successful projects within given deadlines at Accenture.

SKILLS
------

Python HTML JavaScript Regular expressions Web Scraping Crawling SQL/NoSOL Data Cleansing

API Development

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

Python for Data Science

A specialized course conducted by Coursera that focused on Python development for data science applications.

Data Structures and Algorithms

An intensive course offered by Udacity that targeted understanding of key data structures and algorithms.

PASSIONS Vv Coding

Love for coding started in college and continued professionally, always exploring new development techniques.


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Harvard University