CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

ROBERT SMITH Junior Sql Server Developer/Analyst

il: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

Highly qualified Junior Sql Server Developer with experience in the industry. Enjoy creative problem
solving and getting exposure on multiple projects, and would excel in the collaborative environment on
which company prides itself.

SKILLS
------

Management, Organizing.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Junior Sql Server Developer/ Analyst
ABC Corponition - September 2006 - September 2008

- Implemented of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as 4 part of Security Policies far various categories of users,

Rebuilt / Monitored the indexes ut regular intervals for better performance.

Recovered the databases from backup in disasters;

Implemented Point-In-Time Recovery solutions,

Performed SQL Server service pack and Windows Service pack upgrades,

Extensively worked on Enterprise Manager for managing the datuhase,

Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.

Junior Sq! Server Developer
Delta Corporation - 2003 - 2006

- Design, create, maintain and manage Enterprise Data Warehouses (EDW), data marts, Operational Data Stores (ODS) Extmet Transform Load (ETL) solutions, XML, indexes, T-SQL and data muanipolation scripts, stored procedures, views, functions, reports and forms.

- Apply DoD data standards to all software applications and database data elements, ensuring logical data models are fully attri buted, normalized, and included in a data dictionary,

® Create data dictionaries for all database efforts that include the following information for each
functional data element the logical data element nume, its definition that describes the meaning and
the context of the data element in the system, the damain of the data clement (the allowable values),
the data type, length, and unit of measur,

- Assist in developing SOP Enterprise metadata standards and document all meta tags, where applicable, in an XML Schema (XSD file) and past to the Metadata Registry after being vetted through a configuration management process.

- Provide consulting services and technical support for database creation, modification, testing, udministrition, monitonng, tuning, backup, and recovery.

® Ensure maximum use of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server reporting Services
(SSRS) for the integration and delivery of information.

- This Ens Remus Tomphats = the copyright of Qwiknewimecom, Usage Galdsfines
