Robert Smith

Apparel Manager I

PERSONAL STATEMENT

To responsible for develop, manage and execute merchandise and
marketing strategies that will lead to meeting and exceed sales and margin
goalsMonitor and update forecasts due to sales trends, merchandise
availability and other changes in the business.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel! Manager Ii
MC Sports - March 2012 - 2020
Re sponsibilities:

= Toinclude but not limited to running register’ cash wrap, working the
floor helping customers, stocking product on shelves, cleaning up the
store as needed, folding clothes and returning product to respectful
areas.

= To fulfill sorne office work the managers requested re to do which
included logging employee purchases, faxing in problem logs for
rewards systern, logging markups and clearances, as well as attendance
records for each week.

* To unload the weekly truck shipment, getting the clothing hung up,
censor tagged and rnerchandised on the sales floor,

= Inmy time with this company | have done training for managernent and
3points (online training of product sold in stores),

= Too handle transfers between stores, RTVs (return to vendor), ship to
the customer, and markdowns/ups/clearances as sent by corporate.

= Jo started out inthe Wooster, OH location but was offered 4 promotion
to my current position at the Medina, OH location.

« Develop seasonal buy strategy including assortrnent plans,
financial/class plan development, forecasts,

Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation - 2007 - 2012
Re sponsibilities:
= Greeting customers, helping customers find what they are looking for,
managing a tear of 12 associates, inventory,
« Skills Samp; Acknowledgements Great people skills.
= Great computer skills.
* Promotion from Apparel Lead to Apparel Manager.
= Establish arelationship with a new vendor and worked with the vendor
to start an online store for the tear, where supporters could not only
buy.
= Stock, inventory, designed a new look to attract customers every week,
unload truck etc.
= Analyze figures and forecasted future sales to maximize profits as well
as interpreted trends to facilitate planning Dealt with staffing issues,

© This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume. corn. Usage Guiielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road,
Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Creativity,
Communication skills.

English (Native)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)