CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

22 Street Rd. + City, State * 00000 + Cell phone 222.222.2222 + email@address.com

OPERATIONS & MANUFACTURING EXECUTIVE “Building It Better ... and Making a Difference”

Offering a highly-rewarding career guiding strong and sustainable growth at a loca! manufacturer while
role-modeiling a sound understanding of the precise tolerances and requirements that customers
demand to deliver best-in-class quality - within time-critical deadlines, in-spec, and in-house. Realize
the importance of incorporating strategic approaches and regularly upgrading equipment to stay ahead
of the competition; expert in metal stamping progressive dies, and familiar with state-of-the-art
manvfacturing technologies and processes.

Characterized as a direct communicator; quickly eam the trust. confidence, and respect of crew,
customers, mechanical designers, suppliers, peers, subcontractors, and key decision-makers.
Accomplished at improving overall quality and consistency by building long-lasting teamwork and
structure; regularly invited by customers to deliver feedback and recommend solutions to manufacturing

processes.
KEY STRENGTHS
- Business Development & Growth . , Manufacturing, & Production Planning Strategies . & Competitive
- Continuous Process * Cost Controls &
- Facilities Expansions & Plant Lay-Outs . Reduction
- Operating & Capital Budgets * Team-Building, Leadership, & Hiring
- Financial Forecasting * Conflict & Dispute Resolution

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------
Kodiak Too! & Die, Newmarket 1989 - 2010

Operations Manager
Founded this progressive metal stamping tooling company to design and build quality progressive dies
for highly-discemning automotive tier 1 suppliers. Led, motivated, and energized 18 direct reports

. Accelerated company growth {rom “scratch” to a 20,000 sqft. plant that generated $3 million in
annual revenues at &s peak

Signed on 3 primary divisions from world-renowned Magna Intemational as clients which represented approximately 50% of Company business activity

Maintained a zero on-the-job accident rate throughout entire tenure

Built custom dies for an assortment of Magna subsidiaries (e.g., in-die tapping) to address a range
of production concerns

Coliaborated with business partner and foreman to write a clear-cut “Tooling Rider” which outlined
standards and informed clients of Company's commitment to top quality
