(541) 754-3010
Place of birth 2.00.0... eee cece cee San Antonio Driving license ................0.00005
DEERE © 5 5 o weguecemom & 4% 5S SURO £1 a REET 2 American

BRENDAN NAJARRO

Mechanical Engineer

1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States

LINKS

Github, Linkedin, Facebook

PROFILE

email@email.com

Technically orientated Mechanical Engineer with over six years experience in reliability and maintenance activities within a clean

room environment. Highly adept with mechanic supporting sanitation systems and equipment. Completed a Masters Degree in

Thermodynamics and holds a Professional Engineering license.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Mechanreal Encineer 1 , Ziainer Medica DGyites. ... .ccwerccrsssaemmes reese cmmmee seuss cents

Responsible for reliability testing of more than 30 pieces of outdated machinery and improved thetr efficiency by 70%

with minor design tweaks.

Test CNC machinery and equipment to ensure they function correctly and schedule preventative maintenance
activities

Coordinate reliability testing and devise planned maintenance schedules to coincide with commissioning
activities

Facilitate the safe testing and commissioning of all high voltage machinery and equipment

Make sure all PLC are tested and maintained according to the operational requirements of the plant

Mechanical Enoineer U1, Coreing TREO YRaG6S «nme esses ncwneeerevesswewewe sesess vows

Part of the product development team that conceptualized more than 15 thermal devices in the last quarter and received
a 100% pre-approval rating for all prototypes presented.

Support the entire production process regarding quality inspections and cost improvement initiatives.
Collaborate with mechanical packaging-designers and electrical engineers to define upcoming projects in terms
of timeframes, financial resources, and allocation of labor

Create 2D and 3D schematics and drawings on Solidworks and AutoCAD

Monitor project progress, record test results, write quality reports and submit to senior engineer for final

approval

Mechanreal bngineer L Comneenee DG7iees emcee ccsussersmwesrsareewmeeesesinewmemeeserens ene

Improved the undisrupted equipment reliability by adding two extra planned maintenance schedules per quarter

resulting in zero shutdowns due to machine failures in the last 12 months.

Design product concepts, build prototypes and conduct testing and validation on Class I medical devices
Establish ongoing relationships with potential overseas private equity firms to secure funding for
commercialization of pilot products

Interact with potential manufacturers and create proposals to set up assembly lines, packaging requirements
and production specifications

Define product specifications, wrote inspection and testing manuals and draft failure analysis reports

May 2018 — Present
Fort Lauderdale

Jan 2017 — May 2018
Tewksbury

Jan 2016 — Dec 2016
Borger