Robert Smith SQNTACT RETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

PMO Consultant (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

PMO Consultant with several years of dernonstrated experience in Retail, SKILLS
Financial Services, Transportation industries and more. Skilled in delivering Microsoft Suites, Visio,
process improvernent, Implementation solutions and technology advisory orks Process
that extracts and maximizes business value. Efficient ability to plan, design, pejedinknipsindi
and Implement solutions that deliver and analyze information for competitive advantage.
LANGUAGES

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- English (Native) PMO Consultant French (Professional)
ABC Corporation- June 2012 - November 2013 Spanish (Professional) Re sponsibilities:
- Supported Project Manager, Deputy Project Manager and Contract INTERESTS Adrninistrator in a high matrix co-located environment. = Performed Contract Administration regarding Scheduling, Scope, Climbing Snowboarding Resources, and Budget Analysis, Cooking = Managed communication controls and systerns for recording, Reading

monitoring all project matters to Vendor and Executives of Train Control Software and Hardware Upgrade Project.

= Fully supported PMIS infrastructure including administration, REFERENCES organization of project documents.

= Analyzed and measured closure of project documents using MS Word, Reference - 1 (Company

MS Project, MS Visio Controlled cormunications of critical docurnents Nedlleas 2 (Company for tearn review using SharePoint. Name)

= Administered existing departmental and Project Office policies and procedures,

= Developed and analyzed project performance indicators for project management processes,

PMO Consultant
Delta Corporation - 2011-2012 Responsibilities:
= Responsible for managing all cornmunication systems on the Hardware and Software upgrade project with the Dept.
= of Rail Operations &amp; Developrnent/TCSU Project Supported Project Manager, Deputy Project Manager and Contract Administrator in a high
matrix co-, = Developed project performance indicators to ensure accurate tracking of project,
= Trained and mentored tearn of seven associate project managers on Aglle frarnework, requirements engineering, project documentation,
change control, = Implemented custom project governance, processes, tools, and templates used by new PMO after assessing companys needs; projects
included website .
- Attended client meetings and assisted with determination of project
requirements Built/maintained over 2500 lines of MS project plan for
- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qvikresume.com. Usage Guidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
University of Michigan