ROBERT SMITH Jr. Dotnet Developer

il: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

7+ years of strong professional Net Development experience in vanons applications based on Object
Oriented Progmmming (OOP), Client/Server, N-tier architecture, Web based and Internet Technologies.

SKILIS

Excellent Skill In Writing Stored Procedures, T-SQL Queries, Functions, Triggers, Views And Schemas.

WORK EXTERIENCE

Jr. Dotnet Developer
Micron Inc - November 2014 - 2020

- Developed GUI using MS VISUAL STUDIO, ASP.NET Web Forms with Ajax cantrols.

- Deployed applications into test and production environments by using web server (IIS).

® - Responsnible for Client Engagement Acceptance Continuance (CBAC) project analyzes the risk and
provides ruting for the engagements.

Responsible Application design based on N-tier Architecture.

Involved in the Database design,

Worked with MSSOL, developed stored procedures, written queries, created triggers and indexes,
involved in writing Technical use cases fora given functional use cases.

Dotnet Developer
Delta Corporation - 2009-2014

- Key Responsibilities Participated in meetings with Business users and with other project teams to ensure that the volatile business requirements reflect in the project development.

® Involved in the design of the Use Case Diggmims and class diagrams using Microsoft Visio.

- Reworked on a part of the GUIs to improve interface without affecting the performance of the

® Extended ASP.NET MVC 3 application by creating Views, Controller actions and Model classes.

- Created unit tests to test action methods using Visual Studio testing framework.

® Used Microsoft Entity Primework Code First appmach forthe Data Access Layer and defined entities that are used for data access MVC application.

- Used C#.NET as language to develop code behind business logic.

SCHOLASTICS

- Bachelors of Technology in Technology - June 2004(Jawaharlal Nehro Technological University)

- This Ens Remus Tomphats = the copyright of Qwiknewimecom, Usage Galdsfines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Conversational English; English as a second language.