People management Credit control Balance Sheet Reconciliations Account queries

Jamal Jackson

PROFESSIONAL

Fluent in German, French & Spanish

T- 0121 638 0026
MM: 0121 638 0026
- infoiadayob.com Driving license: Yer

Maxine Curry

Accountant PERSONAL SUMMARY

A fully qualified Accountant who has a number of years experience in the fields of financial management reporting, taxation and cash flow. Maxine has the ability and
willingness to take on financial leadership and is certain to be a key member of any financial team that she joins. She is ambitious by nature and keen to get to the top of
her profession. One of her greatest strengths is her ability to prioritize workloads to meet challenging deadlines. On a personal level she has the ability to build
relationships in a multi-cultural envizonment and across various offices. Right now she wants to join a company who are keen to add an intelligent and enthusiastic individual
to their finance department.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Smiths Accounts - Birmingham

ACCOUNTANT Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for the full range of financial reporting carried out within all the various

departments within the company.

Duties:

@ Preparing quality and focused analytical reviews that support the financial reporting of the company.

@ Implementing necessary changes required in finance operations across the company.

@ Analysing billing variances and investigating significant discrepancies.

@ Taking the lead role mm all financial planning activities.

@ Preparing monthly P&L and Balance Sheet reporting including commentary on all maternal variances.

@ Dealing with any queries from the auditors.

@ Having regular interactions with senior financial officers across the company.

@ Providing expert top level accounting advice to work colleagues.

@ Ensuring that all accountings records comply with company and statutory

requirements

Company name - Location
JOBTITLE = Employment dates (.e Aug 2011 - Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

@ Fully qualified through accreditanon via a recognised accountancy body.

@ Ad-hoc financial modelling and analysis.

- Conversant with financial software packages.

@ Achieving finance objectives by having a flexible but goal-orientated approach.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University BSc (Hons) Accountant

Coventry Central College

A levels:
Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)

REFERENCES - Available on request
