Jamal Jackson

ROBERT SMITH Asst. Director of Food and Beverage

Phone: (0123)456-789 | Emad: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com

SUMMARY
-------

The ability to encourage, inspire and communicate with others has enabled me to harness the
potential of all who are motivated to achieve superior results. Those skills have aided me in the
recruitment, mentoring, and retention of exceptional personnel who are dedicated to excellence,

CORE COMPETENCIES Nicrosolt Word, Excel.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Asst. Director of Food and
ABC Corporation - October 2015 - May 2016

Key Deliverables:
Manage all administrative functions such as scheduling, purchasing lor the department, hiring and terminations of associates all in a fiscally responsible manner.

- » Works closely with catering and convention services:

» Accomplish food &amp; beverage human resource objectives by recruiting, selecting,
orienting, training, assigning, scheduling,coaching, counseling, and disciplining associates:
communicating job expectations, job duties and job responsbilities; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions: planning and reviewing compensation actions;
entorcing policies and procedures:

» Achieve food and beverage operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans.

- Meet lood and beverage financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.

- Avoid legai challenges by conforming to the requilations ot the alcoholic beverage commission,

- Maximize bar profitability by ensuring portion control; monitoring accuracy of charges.

Director Of Food And Beverage
ABC Corporation - 2012 - 2015

sia Deliverables:
HONOLULU, HI Pride of America, Pade of Hawail and Pride of Aloha - 2,500 Guests and
1,000 crew,

- 2005 - July 2009 Director of Food and Beverage Managed all aspects of the Food and
Beverage operation on board these ficating hotels, including the supervision’o! over 550 employees and a management team of 50.

» Chosen to bring out the Pride of America and Pride of Hawail as the F&B Director from Bremerhaven, and Papenburg, Germany,

- Managed and coordinated all pre-opening details.

»® Responsble tor an F&B budget of $34 million and revenues in excess of $12 million.

A
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420 ‘0 This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
