CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

gra Neeaeite Road, . . al a
Clothing Sales Associate (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com PERSONAL STATEMENT A sociable, focused and well-presented Clothing Sales Associate with 3 SKILLS.
years of experience who has a track record of putting the client first in both Communications,
@ retail and clinical setting, delivering results and holding high standards. Problern Solving,
Clearly articulates objectives, encourages clients to be accountable on the Leadership path to success, Ma ft; puter;
Customer Service, WORK EXPERIENCE Answering Phones, Clothing Sales Associate SLE el
Spellbound Vermont - September 2014 - january 2015 Responsibilities: LANGUAGES . Working as Part of an upbeat sales team ina fashion boutique setting. English (Native)
- Responsible for helping assist customers with selecting clothing, French (Professional) jewelry, and accessories, Spanish (Professional)
- Maintaining a safe environment for employees and customers by making sure iterns were placed on display or put out correctly ona daily basis, INTERESTS
- Serving large lines of customers In a quick and efficient manner when Climbing the store is about to close or has closed. Snowboarding
- Creating the seasonal clothing displays, including dressing and Cooking arranging mannequins, Reading = In charge of opening and closing the store, while managing the cash register, Including custorner returns, = Welcorning each customer into the store, while assisting to all of his or REFERENCES her needs. Reference - 1 (Company Name) ;
- Reference - 2 (Company Co-Owner Name)

Make It Happen Strength & Conditioning - April 2012 - September
2014 Responsibilities:
» Looked up items raking spedal orders, transferred from one store to the next, stocking the shelves with new products, pricing and checking
Prices making sure they are correct.
» Welcomed and assisted all clients while dernonstrating exceptional customer service.
» Worked in the fitting room ensuring customers are able to try on garments quickly and comfortably and offered advice on the fit.
= Worked with the store tearn to share ideas and suggestions to help colleagues, customers, and store performance,
- Replenished the stock against agreed plans, garment care, and folding procedures,
- = Metindividual and store sales targets. = Effectively communicated the product features and benefits during the selling process,

® This Eree Resume Tempinte |s the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
