ARTIST

SUMMARY
-------
Maxine sets the bar high, continuously surpazses it, and haz 2 lot of fun doing it She comes to you with an impressive
portfolio of work, high energy. drive and a commitment to succeed. With her prezent employer she is involved in working
on brochures, packaging, print and digital advertising. Her keys strengths include her excellent drawing and illustration skill:
and her ability to develop and implement novel solution: to complex and open-ended problems.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

CONTACT
-------
ARTIST Companyname 2019- Present
QO Dayjob.com, Wyse Street B'ham Responsible for producing stunning, high quality artwork, and for
contributing unique perspective: to the overall disalay concept of 2 Lyric storcce" project. Assisting in the development of artistic content across
e@aerialicen numerous platforms and objectives.
ae SAN = Troubleshooting any reported visual effects related issues.
- Involved in the 3D modelling of characters and environments. EB) tinkedin.com/name = Building and maintaining good client relationships 2¢ all levels.
- Creating artwork that iz accurate, consistent and looks good.
ARTIST Company name 2016 - 2019 EDUCATION Creating dean and optimized files in Photoshop, Illustrator &
Indesign. Working with internal and external clients on 3 wide variety
University name 2010-2014 of materials. Carrying out final test and quality azurance checks on
Course details al work. Maintaining electronic art files and file locations Modules = Communicating expertly with artistic and non-artistic people.
Cokiga esis - , * Constructing appealing 3D models 2t various levels of detail.
Bier Si te = Working on dynamic interactive props az well az static objects.
Subject
ARTIST Company name 2015 - 2016
Scheel name 2002 - 2008 Coordinating regular meetings with the creative and marketing Course detaits teams. Prioritizing work to ensure that all deadlines are met.
English (A) * Collaborating with other artists and professionals to create art.
Maths (B) «Preparing artwork in accordance with customer specifications.
Physics (C} * Coordinating regular meetings with the marketing teams.
Geography (D) Technology (E)
3D ARTIST Company name 2014-2015 Responsible for the creation, implementation, design direction and
maintenance of 3D designs and azzets.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE = Developing high quality and innovative motion graphic content.
<Fincict) © Editing » Painting = Working with modellers and animators to create 3D art.
- Sketching = Fashion = Text here Teamwork = Text here «= Text here REFERENCES Available on request.


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.