1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Greg Baker

Community Health Advocate

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Responsible for helping patients and their support tearn to navigate and access community services, other resources, and adopt healthy behaviors,
Supports primary care providers and clinic staff through an integrated approach to care management and cormunity outreach.

Administrative Skills, Communication Skills,

Healthcare,

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- LANGUAGES Community Health Advocate
ABC Corporation- August 2012 - january 2013 English (Native) vactinke French (Professional)
Re sponsibilities: Spanish (Professional) = Responsible for establishing trusting relationships with patients and
their support tearn while providing general support and encouragement.
= Provide referrals for services to cornmunity agencies as appropriate. INTERESTS = Help patients connect with transportation resources and give Climbing
appointment reminders in special circumstances. Transporting patients Snowboarding is strictly prohibited, Cooking
- Exhibit excellent working relations with patients, visitors and staff, Reading effectively cormmunicating the mission of CHI Saint Joseph Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. = Work collaboratively with the health care tearn. Establish positive REFERENCES

communications and partnerships with providers, services, the patient, and the tearn.
= Continuously expand knowledge and understanding of cormmunity

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company

Name)

resources, services, and prograrns which could be beneficial to patients being navigated,

= Act asa community advocate between the patient/family and community service agencies,

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2012 Re sponsibilities- = Cornmunity Health Advocate for Senior/Disabled population.
- Health Out- Patient assistance CPR, First Ald AED certified, = Represented farnilies to ensure access to government assistance including CHIP and Medicaid - Presented inforrnation to new mothers about healthy , = Provide client service to members who have claims that exceed a certain threshold.We identify by monthly report, reach out by . = Services that may be available to them to keep costs down, = Documentation of significant happenings throughout your shift. = Attend regular staff meetings, trainings, and other meeting as requested,

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines
