Lakisha Washington

High School Teacher

[EJ merice-com., crerton House 0123 436 7890 Birmingnam

[BS into@anyjon.com [Ey uexesin.com/yourrame

PROFILE CAREER

An outstanding classroom practitioner HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name
who has 2 passion for education and Responsible for teaching engaging, rigorous as well 2:
who possesses 2 proven track record relevant lessons that will give the schools students 3
of leading students to high academic comprehensive education Also heavily involved with achievement. Harry is committed to the school governors in maintaining 2 safe environment
safeguarding and promoting the pare pero ae Asvessing, recording and reporting 2 pupils work.
spilic Wacpu nisl lepuatbesiebens HighSghting concerns about 3 pupils performance.
snaldigg shunt difasenis te thes nwa? Organising off schoo! extracurricular activities.
his students and their education. Organising staff meeting: & development sessions.
Administering appropriate interventions for pupils.

2015-2016 HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name Preparing pupils for examinations. Getting involved in
teacher meetings retated to choo! ptanning and raising pupil achievement levels. Encouraging in pupils the
development of academic and socizi-emotional skills.

= Monitoring 2 pupils academic progress/attendance
- Setting Gear classroom expectations for students.
- Developing & implementing creative lexzon plans.

EDUCATION
---------

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name

University name Communicating with LEA: and parents on a regular

2008 - 2012 basis. Setting and enforcing deadlines for student work.
Working with students with learning. emotional and

College name behavioural needs. Teaching intense curriculums.

2007 - 2009

2013-2014 HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name Offering a warm and friendly welcome to all school
visitors. Analysing data and other relevant diagnostic information and use this information in planning future
lessons. Assigning reasonable homework to students.

school name
2002 - 2007 English (A) Maths (8)

REFERENCES 2012 - 2013 HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER Company name Marking the work of pupils and then giving them
. feedback on how to they have done. Taking part in any Available on request school marketing activities to sttract future pupils.
