CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Warren [aylor

DATA SCIENTIST

FS) Summary

A highly competent data scientist with five years of experience developing a wide range of innovative applications like Credit Card Fraud Detection,
Stock Sentiment Analysis Model, and Customer support system.

Ability to use (data) statistics and machine learning for finding complex data patterns that drive meaningful impact on the business.

| am looking for the opportunity to build a challenging career and apply my skills in an innovative and simplify process. | enjoy working in a team and
communicating data-driven results.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Oct 2018 - Present Data Scientist Info Tech Solutions - New York

- To predict house prices using time series analysis and neural networks

- Identify factors that predict which employees will have the best performance and which will benefit from a change in their job position using machine learning.

- Designed the information architecture and model of an organization's assets

- Coordinated with the stakeholders on project progress.

- Involved in the continuous enhancements and finding the best solution.

May 2018 - Sep 2018 Data Scientist Consultant JP Morgan Asset Management - Florida
- Predictiing the Stock price using sentiment analysis model.
- Finding the stock market daily patterns and creating a meaningful solution to the business.
- Identifing the Mulit bagger stocks using machine learning and Al

EDUCATION
---------

Sep 2017 - Sep 2018 Master of Computer Application Cornell University - Ithaca, New York

Sep 2016 - Sep 2017 Bachelor of Computer Science

warren.taylor@gmail.com
1-202-555-0122

Ithaca, New York
linkedin.com/in/warren

5 oO0 G

SKILLS
------ Python &R BEBE S NLTK & OpenCV SEaa8 SQL & SAS i SPSS & STATA PowerBl & Spotfire BSEean
Languages English Seeea8 Spanish BEEBE S Catalan BEEBE French EEEBEaS

Personal Skills

Communication SEE a

Motivation to learn BEEES Result-oriented BEEBE a Analytical mind BEEaa8 Enthusiasm & optimism SEBEa8
Critical Thinking SEnBa8 Presentation Skills SEBa5

|. Certification

OpenCV, Python 2019-01-10 Al Solution Tech - Florida

Matplotlib & GCP 2019-09-17 Cloud Solutions - New York
