Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume, corm

Jr. Java Developer Website : wavnw,quikre-suime,com

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY

Jr. Java Developer 3+ years of experience in developing web-based enterprise applications using
J2EE technologies such as Hibernate, Spring, Struts, Multithreading, EJB, JDBC, JSP, TAGLIB,
Serviets, JMS, JPA, JTA, Ajax, Maven, Ant, Web Services, REST (JAX-RS), SOAP (JAX-WS) and WSDL,
Experience in development and technical support of Java/|2EE applications for Financial Services,
Insurance, Banking, E-Commerce, Telecom, and Health Care Dornains.

SKILLS

Spring (MVC, Context, ORM, JDBC, JMS, Webservices, Transactions), Hibernate, Struts, JDBC,
ple Ae EJB, JSTL, JNDI, SOAP, REST JAXP, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, XML, XSD, XSLT, JSON, DOM
Parser,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Jr. Java Developer
ABC Corporation - June 2016 - Present

Working with a small tearm in enhancing the |behave frarnework using Java for the adaptability
to the current project for creating the test environment

Implemented Java and J2EE design patterns like singleton, business delegate and data
transfer object and data access object.

Wrote SPA (Single Page Web Applications) using restful web services plus Ajax and Angularjs.
Developed web services component using SOAP and restful API for interapplication
cornmunication.

Designed and developed business and persistence layer components using Spring [OC and.
hibernate,

Extensively worked on Veenter with virtualization exposure in developing the functionalities
related to the application through CLI and API.

Developed a private assembly for the component promotion with the Kubernetes setup.

Back-End Java Developer
ABC Corporation - Decernber 2015 - June 2016

Analyzed the requirernents and designed class diagrarns, sequence diagrarns using UML and
prepared high-level technical docurnents.

Designed and developed to upload gigabyte files to product licensing and delivery systern.
Designed and developed multiple files concurrently using multi-threaded executor service
framework.

Developed web applications using restful web services plus Ajax and Anquilarjs,

Developed web services cormponent using soap and restful API for Interapplication
communication.

Established connections with other applications by using ActiveMQ with JMS.

Designed and developed business and persistence layer components using Spring IOC and.
hibernate,

EDUCATION

O This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines