RESUME WORLD INC.
1200 Markham Road, Suite 108, Toronto, Ontario MLH 3C3

(CAREER PROFILE
A Human Resources & Payroll Manager with over 15 years of progressive experience augmented by a

Expenenced in Payroll Administration, Benefits/Compensation Administration, Talent/Performance
Management, Recruitment/Selection, Training/Development, HR Policy and Organizational Design,
‘Contract Negotiation, Costing Analysis, People Management, and

and other related labour laws. Proven ability to function as a Swategic HR Business Partner and develop
and implement successtul human resources management strategies to support corporate mandate.

Creative and nmovaive tinker wih effective Numan resources management and goal setting abilines
combined with superior leadership. team building. communication, interpersonal, and presentation skilis.
‘Selt-mogvated wath the ability to excel in a fast-paced environment, communicate effectively at all levets;
Manage Competing prorives; and adapt readily to new Challenges.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
‘CONSUMER PROOUCTS, Brampton, Ontario Mar 2006 - Present
Human Resources & Payroll Manager
Functon as @ HR Generalist. responsible for Payroll Adminestraton, Benefits/Compensation, Training &
Deveipment. Recrutment/Selecton and Employee Retations, reporting to the AGM/Controiier

* Manage and process bi-weekly payroll for 200 salaried/hourly employees using Ceridian Insync

* Coach managers on the process of evatuating employees. setting goals, conducting objective

* Handle employee terminations, gievance and other difficult situations in a sensitive. fair and
respectful manner, working closely weth egal Counc, supervisors and management

© identify talent and aspirations of individual employees and provide coaching aimed at motivating
them to undertake the necessary taining required to advance their careers within the company

* Develop job profiles and source candidates from major job boards: select. interview and hire 76
employees in cofaboraBon with department managers

* Plan and develop onthejob waining programs for line employees and career development
Programs for managers with a focus on retaining exdsting talent and reducing employee turnover

Accomplishments

° Established and maintained proper stuctures and processes to wack time and allendance,
vacations, STD/LTD and other activities resulting in efficiency gains of 33%

* Implemented Payroll and HR pobcies resultng in annual Cost savings of $237,000

* improved “employer branding” by working with the IT department to design, develop and launch the
company’s tirst career site

AMPOAH CONTRACTING CO., LTD., Harniftan, Ontario 2000 - 2005
Manager of Administration 4 Accounting
Dwected and efficiently managed the Human Resources, Accounting and Adminestrabon funcaons for the
ere ss hs vdswenesmichatia pata heeghoe pre uebpepiretkassaerd Rectal
Provided Human Resources services and support to managers and division heads, assisting them
to achieve divisional goals and objectives through strategic people management
© Administered payrall for 1,710 employees. inctuding Benetits Package and RRSP Plans
« Established an open channel of commurecation enabling employees quick and easy access to
information such as Benefits. Training and Development and opportunities for career advancement
* Assessed current and future skills requirements and developed and implemented a competency:
based performance management system linking pay to KP metics
© Created a training program to develop employees to meet both core and job competency gaps
© NegoSated gnevances and liatsed with Workers Safely Insurance Board for Claims processing and
Coordinating return to work program:
Cantionae