Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Civil Engineer Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

R O B E RT S M IT H Website: cammemmery

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna,

Objective

A Civil Engineer with 4 years of experience in construction and infrastructure projects like chicken
farm, warehouses, residential buildings, villas and water channels. Experience In site supervision,
construction works, accountancy, tendering and evaluation. Experience in prestressing detailed
drawings. Knowledge of construction methods and construction sequences In civil structural
constructions above or below the ground.

Skills

Microsoft Office, GIS, SAP2000, StruCalc, ETABS, AutoCad, MicroStation, Civil 3D, C++, Matlab,
Infowater,

Work Experience

Civil Engineer
ABC Corporation - February 2014 - August 2015
+ Evaluate subdivision, cluster, and other application requests from the Department of Planning
and Permitting with respect to availability of water, past cornmitments, and facility
requirernents,
* Does manual calculations to determine fire flows and systern pressures,
» Uses hydraulic models to calculate system flows and pressures.
* Develops computerized hydraulic models of water systems.
* Does basic calculations to ensure that the size of storage reservoirs, booster stations, and
source pumps, and water mains adequately rneet the requirernents of the Water System

Standards,
* Evaluate departmental reviews of general plan and designated land use map zone change

requests, special and conditional use permits, and shoreline management applications,
+ Calculate cost estirnates of development proposals requested by other public agencies.

Civil Engineer
ABC Corporation - 2011 - 2014
* Delivery of mining samples from tipple to Assay Department.
* Remove trash, residual building debris and potential dangerous materials from milling sites;
+ Worked inthe payroll section as timekeeper,
* Computation of rill data production output.
+ Maintains project schedule by monitoring project progress; coordinating activities and

resolving problerns.
+ Supervise sub contractors and other labor workers,
* Oversee site operations..

Education
M.S. In structural engineering - 2013(University of Hawall at Manoa)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidelines