Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume, corm

Senior Sql Server Developer Nall i airrameeserrenn me

Linkedin: linkedin.com/quwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

SUMMARY
-------

A motivated and ambitious database developer, proficient in the analysis, design, development,
implementation, testing, and maintenance of database. A tearn player, knowledgeable in building
and maintaining database structures, stored procedures, audit reports, data extracts to meet
project objectives,

SKILLS
------

SQL Server, Data Modelling, BI Stack.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Sql Server Developer
ABC Corporation - December 2006 - August 2007

Performed business analysis, technical analysis, systems design, application software programming,

Restructured the stored procedure, designing, coding and developing the sare using the T_SQL Programming Transferring the data (ETL) to Data warehouse by SSIS.

Installed, authored, and managed reports using SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services.
Managed the migration of SQL Server 2000 databases to SQL Server 2005.

Expertised in SQL Server Reporting Services and SQL Server Analysis Services.
Responsible for gathering the business and user requirernents to meet customer needs.
Designed and developed SSIS packages using various tasks, containers and transformations like Slowly changing dimension, Merge join, Conditional Split, Fuzzy look up, and data
validation checks during staging before loading the data into the data warehouse and followed best practices,

Senior Sql Server Developer
Delta Corporation - 2002 - 2006

Developed, deployed and monitored SSIS Packages including upgrading DTS to SSIS.
Performed dally tasks including backup and restore by Using SQL Server 2005 tools like SOL
Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.

Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance,

Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better perforrnance,

Providence Health &amp; Services is a non - profit health care system operating multiple hospitals across 5 states, with head quarters in Renton, Washington,

The health systern includes 27 hospitals, more than 35 non-acute facilities and nurnerous
other health, supportive housing and educational services in the states of Alaska, Washington,
Montana, Oregon and California,

The goals of the project was to modify the existing packages by Implementing new business logic in it and create new SSIS package based on new business requirement.

EDUCATION
---------

Diplo Regie - 1985 (Bavarian State Conservatory of Music in Munich - Munchen)

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresumne com. Usage Guukde lines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.