Maria Garcia

Full Address or Current City, State | BestEmailContact@gmail.com | ($55) 355-5555 MARKETING | PUBLIC RELATIONS | PUBLICITY | COMMUNICATIC

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
--------------------

- Innovative and creative professional with more than 10+ years of exceptional experience designing and delivering marketing campaigns that create brand value.

- Promotes open communication, collaboration and 2 positive work culture through consultation and advocacy on behalf of clients and vendors on both the local and international levels. Flexible and dynamic leader dedicated to team collaboration, professionalism, integrity, accuracy, and efficiency, Analytical and commercially savvy Head of Publicity skilled in project management, content development and production, event marketing, media planning and social media activations,

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Organizational Development | Relationship Management | Curriculum Design | Technical Support | Information
Management | Strategic Planning | Budget’Cost Management | Process Improvement | Cross-functional collaboration |
Leaming Management Systems | Change Management | Remote Staff Training

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

HEAD OF PUBLICITY AND STUDIO MARKETING May 2009 - March 2020 Organization Name - City, State
Adapted global marketing strategies to foster and maintain a local market.
Advanced tactical publicity programs, creating product-specific media campaigns, and analyzing media coverage
data to guide future decision-making.
- Uaised with colleagues, key spokespeople, the media, the agency team on international media promotions and strategies and other important stakeholders.
- Ensured relationships with the media, forming 3 pool of loyal journalists and editors, writing and distributing press releases to targeted media and initiating journalists’ interest towards the company and its speakers.
- Established positive working relationships with stakeholders, production staff, talent reps, media owners and steategic partners,
- Spearheaded the production of publicity materials and coordinating photo and video opportunities.

ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE January 2007 - May 2009 Organization Name - City, State

Created a journalist database to facilitate easy access to contact information/enhance consistent communication.
Built and maintained relationships with key journalists from various media sources including sports media, glossy
media, news media, television, and online media platforms.

Created and delivered clients’ press materials to targeted media and enhancing follow-up media coverage.
Monitored, reported, and analyzed all media coverage data and client-based data.

Planned and coordinated local press events that support corporate product launches.

Facilitated interviews with athletes/sportsmen, celebrities, and corporate speakers.

EDUCATION
---------

Aerospace Technology | July 2007 Institution Name ~- City, State

Jasmine Taylor Page Loft
