Robert Smith

Senior Operations Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Over 16+ years of experience as an Operations Manager, A results-oriented business professional with proven abilities in strategic planning, managing
projects, improving the efficiency of operations, tearm building, and detailing project inforrnation to determine effective processes for
operations,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Operations Manager
ABC Corporation- September 2003 - Present Responsibilities:
= Coordinating production, distribution, warehousing, and sales in accordance with policies.
= Conferring with the sales tearn and associated representatives to evaluate and promote improved and expanded services.
= Reviewing production costs and product quality, and modify inventory control programs to maintain and enhance the annual business plan.
- Preparing annual data to support the business plan along with the metrics for operational performance.
- Overseeing Inventory, order new equipment, and schedule repairs for damaged equipment, = Planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; reward and discipline employees; address complaints and resolve problems. = Experience in lean manufacturing, waste minimization, and six sigma methodology.

Area Sales Manager
ABC Corporation- May 2003 - August 2003 Responsibilities:
= Responsibilities managed employees, vending routes, and reports in accordance with policies and metrics,
= Cold calling on potential custorners, and negotiating with the current to grow the business.
= Accomplishments successfully trained all drivers in following the process to achieve and exceed sales goals.
= Developed a training board, setting targets, and laying out how to achieve.
- Other skills and qualifications forklift certification class a CDL hazmat, tankers, and doubles triples endorsements skills used all. = Created best practices for operational fluidity, = Controlled store inventory through warehouse rnanagement.

EDUCATION
---------

Certificate in Mechanical Systems And Repair - 1999(Muscle Shoals
Center Of Technology - Muscle Shoals, AL)Diploma in ALL - 1995(Colbert Heights Highschool - Tuscumbia, AL)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume. corn. Usage Guiielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Microsoft Office, Customer Service, Retail, Secretarial, Powerpoint, Excel, Word, Wordpress,
Filing, Public Speaking, Budgets, and Forecasting.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
---------

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

REFERENCES
---------- Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference ~ 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.