Alexis Stanley

Lactation Consultant

2 Profile Details

Passionate and experienced Lactation Consultant with over five years 300 Mayflower Road

of helping women succeed on their breastfeeding journeys. Dedicated Radcliffe, [A 50230

to promoting awareness about the importance of breastfeeding, and United States

committed to providing clients with the necessary education and (515) 732-7162

resources to reach their breastfeeding goals. Adept in coordinating alxis18_xstan@gmail.com

lactation services in maternity settings while serving as a consultant for

medical professionals and patients. Skills

Advanced Breastfeeding

# Employment History Knowledge

Lactation Consultant at Radcliffe Medical Center, Radcliffe
May 2015 - April 2022

Worked with pregnant women and new mothers to educate them Prenatal and Postpartum about breastfeeding and mother and infant nutrition. Care

Performed daily lactation visits to provide instruction and support to new mothers in the medical center.

Served as an important resource to medical staff in the maternity ward.

Developed individualized breastfeeding plans for patients.
Assisted mothers dealing with lactation related problems due

to cesarean deliveries, NICU assignments, mastitis, and breast engorgement.

Held breastfeeding workshops at the medical center.

Provided new mothers and families with resources and follow-up support regarding their progress.

Created and distributed quarterly breastfeeding newsletters containing pertinent information and lists of resources for
mothers and families.

Lactation Nutrition

Excellent Communication

SKILLS
------

Lactation Consultant at Auburn Midwives Center, Auburn
June 2010 - April 2015
- Served asaconsultant and mentor for expectant and new mothers choosing to breastfeed their infants.
- Provided patients with knowledge regarding the benefits of breastfeeding, and the fundamental aspects of it as well.
- Worked one-on-one with patients as needed to address any breastfeeding concerns.
- Made home-visits to new mothers experiencing feeding difficulties and offered ideas and techniques for solutions and remedies.

2 Education Master of Science in Nursing, Frontier Nursing University, Hyden
August 2007 - May 2010

Bachelor of Biology, University of Rhode Island, Kingston
August 2003 - May 2007


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.