CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

Jasmine Karen

MARKETING CONSULTANT

SUMMARY CONTACT
My previous positions demanded initiative, creativity and info@resumekraft.com
dedication to solve complex problems, at times in +1-202-555-0114

uncertain environments. Responsible, experienced in sales and business development, | am driven by my work ethic

and desire to do more. By relying on my systematic www.linkedin.com/in/jasmine approach and great interpersonal skills, | am always
determined to execute multiple tasks at once and

withstand any levels of pressure whilst maintaining a SKILLS positive attitude.

Chicago, Illinois, US

Experienced in working with Office

Applications EXPERIENCE CRM i SAP Business Development Martin Business Plans LTD, California
Apr 2019 - Present LANGUAGES Marketing Consultant for a small business Hebrew - Native speaker.

EPECMERE Dare ApPees English - Excellent verbal and writing skills.

Account Manager & Operations coordinator Spanish - Fluent.
Mind Express Lines Dec 2017- Nov 2018 Account Manager EDUCATION
Hearthside Food Solutions Jan 2015 - Sep 2017 TTT
- Client management - from the initial steps of their BA student in Business Administration

and Psychology

si California Institute of Technology
- Responsible for various sales within the department, Sep 2017 - Present

such as courses, cruises in Israel and overseas, recruitment of new clients and more.

registration and up to license obtainment.

A third-year student.

Vinto High School
Texas at Dallas Sep 2006 - Jun 2012 Majored in Psychology-Sociology.

- Scheduling and management of courses, coordination guides and cruises.

- Abundant communication with foreigners in English - both clients and partners.

- Rich experience in frontal sales.

Social Welfare NCO
Turner Around Institute Jan 2013 -Jan 2015
- Raising funds, food, furniture, and other commodities for soldiers in need.
- Working with high military officials and linking them with various civil entities and representatives.
- Active participation in decision-making and further implementation.
