177-890 Believe Road

YAN J SMITH Winnipeg, MB * R3R 1T1
T: 222-555-5115
E: yanjsmith@hotmail.com

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

Skilled recent graduate with a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and 5+ years of
academic experience assembling, designing, programming, testing, provisioning, deploying and
supporting electronic equipment and systems within schematic specifications. Additional expertise in
troubleshooting computer hardware, electronic systems, production planning, project management
and equipment maintenance. Strong technical and methodical aptitude with an innate ability to
analyze, coordinate and synthesize data.

Resourceful, analytical and de iven with capabilities in completing multiple projects with
competing deadlines. Aggressive in identifying and resolving inefficient operational Processes. Strong
team member; able to motivate others to achieve optimal production rates while maintaining sa‘
methods and practices, Clear communicator, both oral and written. Strong interpersonal skills;
interface effectively with coworkers, management, clients and customers. Excel in unpredictable and
hectic environments.

CORE STRENGTHS TECHNICAL SKILLS
- Digital Control, Digital & Analog Signal AutoCAD Communication

- Electrical Circuit & Network Design

Electrical Machines & Power Transforming

- Testing, Troubleshooting & Quality Assurance

- Time Management & Prioritization

Process & Performance Improvement Microsoft Office Proficiency

- Work Effectively in a Team-Oriented, PLCs, MCCs & Generator/Transformer Collaborative Environment Protection

Simulation Software Zigbee Mesh Network Structure

.
eoeeeeeee re = 3 >

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor of Science Degree, Electrical Engineerin; Sep.2005-May 2010 University of Manitoba, Winnipeg MB . e S

Electrical Engineering, Coursework Sep. 2002-Jan. 2004 Shenyang University of Chemical Technology, Shenyang, China

MAJOR PROJECTS

Online Robot Game Design, University of Manitoba
- Designed and created a completely functional online robot game with a small team of utilized software design and C+ to map out schematics; also completed controller and easrites programming,
- Responsible for designing and creating the transmitter and receiver

Hospital Zigbee System Design, University of Manitoba

- Designed a client s

‘stem that could be used in a hospital utilizing Zigbee data communication and protocol desigi

; designed client and server software

- Designed and created microcontroller hardware programming (Zigbee transmitter, receiver and onboard sensors)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).