Health Fitness Specialist I Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH eee eacanccaleonemere

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Motivated Fitness Instructor accomplished tn helping clients al all fitness levels get into the best
shape of their lives. Strongly believes bealth is a conscious lifestyle cholee necessary for longevity
and happiness,

SKILLS
------ Health Specialist, Health Educator.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Health Fitness Specialist I
WINSLOW INDIAN HEALTHCARE CENTER - November 2015 - 2020

Conduct or facilitate training sessions or seminars for wellness and fitness stall.

Assess and evaluate individuals abilities needs, and physical conditions, and develop appropriate training programs to meet any special requirements.

Provides fitness instruction, when scheduled and when scheduled instructor is unable to teach,

Offer alternatives/ modifications during classes to accommodate different levels of fitness -Plan
routines, choose appropriate music, and choose different movements for cach set of muscles,
depending on participants capabilities and limitation,

Observer participants and inform them of corrective measures necessary for skill improvement,
Make sure that the participants follow proper techniques of breathing and exercise pattern so
that physical strain does not occur.

Instruct participants in maintaining exertion levels to maximize benefits from exercise routines,

Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2013 - 2015

Performed pre-participation health screenings for new members in order to obtain baseline information to make effective recommendations towards healthy lifestyle living.

Canducted physical fitness assessments, interpreted results and developed exercise prescriptions based upon clients needs and goals.

Applied behavioral and motivational strategics to apparently healthy individuals and individuals with medically controlled discases and heath conditions Lo support clients in
adopting and maintaining healthy lifestyle behaviors.

Instructed group fitness classes such as Cardio Intervals, Core Strength & Balance, Boot Camp
and Silver Sneakers.

Performed fitness management, administration and supervision of the fitness facility,

Acted as the liaison between health and wellness groups within the local area to collaborate
and provide bealth fairs to the community, .

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role,

EDUCATION
---------

- August 2012{Black Hills State University - Spearfish, SD}

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.