CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

ROBERT SMITH

Dotnet Developer II
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

More than 8 years of experience in Requirement Analysis, Design, Documentation, Devd opment and Implementation in Client/Server and Web Technologies for
various Finance and Retail domains. Extensive experience in MS ,NET Technologies using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, C#.NET, ADO.NET, LINQ to SOL, LINQ to
Objects, VB.

JANUARY 2014 - 2020
- DEVELOPER iI - MAYO CLINIC

Effectively used C#,NET for coding the business logic.

Ensured that the proposed investments are appropriate for the clients financial circumstances and goals.

Designed and devdoped various abstract classes, interfaces classes to construct the business logic using C#.

Worked efficiently in all the phases of SDLC and Involved in developing 3- tier architecture for the web application,

Fixed the issues reported by client and supported them quickly

Designed and devdoped the real time and historical market data handling by using CQG API.

Created Win Forms for admin application, scheduled the process for the updated market data,

2012 - 2014 DOTNET DEVELOPER - DELTA CORPORATION

Responsibilities Gathering Client requirements and converted them Into the technical specifications and developed Windows forms using C#.

Involved in research and analysis of business problems and developing Technical solutions.

Created WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation) for inputting and displaying data using C#.

Implemented ground transportation Samp; Workflow Scheduler using Microsoft provider pattern, C# &amp; WPF.

Worked on framework dements, the layout system; Visual Tree, User Controls, data binding, control template styles and dynamic resources.

Developed custom controls to enable reusability and user rich graphic controls of WPF and WinForms.

Used WPF in creating windows and different animated scenes using the combination of transforms, animation controls (storyboard, double animation)
and color effects.

- Ths Free Resume Template # the copyright of Qwikres wme.com. Usage Guidelines
