PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ‘2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

- Reliable Electrician skilled in performing preventive and regular maintenance work on electrical systems.
Adapts to new technology and concepts. In-depth knowledge of generators, transformers and circuit
breakers. Punctual and hardworking individual dedicated to cultivating excellent relationships with clients.

- Dependable retail sales professional with experience in dynamic, high-performance environments. Skilled in
processing transactions, handling cash, using registers and arranging merchandise. Maintains high-level
customer satisfaction by smoothly resolving customer requests, needs and problems.

- Agricultural Worker acquainted with use, care and operation of light and heavy agricultural equipment.
Trained on safety procedures for handling hazardous materials and operating heavy equipment. Tended to

crops and plants while maximizing efforts to prevent pests and crop death using organic methods.

Inventory Management
Security Practices
Merchandising and Display
Attention to Detail

POS Software

Strong Communication and Interpersonal Skills
Power Cable Connection
Installation Management
Circuit Continuity Assessment
Blueprint Reading

Layout Planning

Electrical Safety

Transformer Connection
Parts Fabrication

Wire Insulation

Electrical Systems Testing
Field Sketching

Worker Training

Grounding Installation

Local Codes Compliance
Conduit and Pipe Laying
Hand and Power Tools
Scaffolding and Ladder Work
Job Specifications Reading

AGRICULTURAL WORKER
Forest Preserve District Of Dupage County | West Chicago, IL

.

Appliance Installation

Electrical Wiring and Fixtures
Emergency Lighting

Decision Making

Malfunction Diagnostics

Project Management

Accurate Measurements
Multitasking and Prioritization
Wire Wrapping and Cutting
Breaker Panel Installation
Conduit and Raceway Installation
Construction Methods

Voltage and Current Meters
Vehicle and Equipment Operation
National Electric Code NFPA 70
Radio and Telephone Communication
Self-Motivated

Organization and Time Management
First Aid/CPR

Excellent Communication
Training and Development

Active Listening

Maintenance and Repair

Good Telephone Etiquette

01/2013 to 12/2016

Irrigated farm soil and performed repairs and routine maintenance on pipes and pumps.
Handled and moved various plants and produce using tractors and wheelbarrows.

Lifted 200 pounds and displayed superior strength and stamina in harsh weather conditions.
Operated and serviced farm machinery, implements and farm vehicles.

Made minor adjustments and repairs to agricultural equipment.

Maximized performance of water pump equipment by repair and preventive maintenance.
Increased customer satisfaction by resolving field issues.

Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.
Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication.

ELOCTRICIAN
Actionlink | Cypress, TX

.

02/2016 to 12/2020

Analyzed blueprints to diagnose potential electrical hazards and carry out risk assessments prior to

starting new jobs.

Installed and wired electrical transformers, service panels, and circuit breakers.
Planned layout and installation of electrical wiring, equipment and fixtures based on specifications and

applicable code.

Installed, maintained, repaired and tested equipment for electricity generation and utilization.
Coordinated with other trades and general contractors to facilitate layout of recessed fixtures and

architectural lighting.

Conducted site visits to plan placement of equipment and interconnection to site's existing electrical

system.

Worked with various types of cableways, conduits and other electrical raceways.
Used testing instruments such as ohmmeters, voltmeters, ammeters and multimeters.
Launched troubleshooting and tests on equipment post-installation to confirm compatibility and safety of

electrical systems.

Worked from ladders, scaffolds and lifts to install, maintain or repair electrical wiring equipment and

lighting fixtures in ceilings, on roofs and on towers.

Demonstrated expertise in use of cable reels, stripping tools, voltage detectors and wire and cable

cutters to complete fast-paced work.

Inspected electrical systems, equipment and components to identify hazards, defects and repair

requirements.

Read and interpreted electrical, mechanical and architectural drawings and electrical code

specifications for wiring layouts.

Stored and maintained power tools and equipment for each job.

RECAIL SALES ASSISTANT
High Tide | City, STATE

08/2021 to 11/2022

Used POS system to process sales, returns, online orders and gift card activations.

Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concerns.

Helped customers complete purchases, locate items and join reward programs.

Checked pricing, scanned items, applied discounts and printed receipts to ring up customers.
Opened and closed store independently and prepared nightly bank drop for manager.

Refunded payments for returned items, processed exchanges and offered store credit to achieve

customer satisfaction.

Logged reports, expenses, receipts and sales documents into digital database.
Approached browsing customers to initiate conversations to determine buying preferences.

High School Diploma 05/2012
North High School, Torrance, CA

Ele trical And Power Transmission Installation 08/2014
Long Beach Wyotech, Long Beach, CA

CeéQified in Energy Efficiency 03/2013

Santa Monica College, Santa Monica, CA