Greg Baker

Associate Business Analyst

PERSONAL STATEMENT

4 years of experience as Analyst to obtain a long-terny position with advancement opportunity in a Financial Securities firm, where | can realize
@ successful Careerin IT sector.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Associate Business Analyst
Silver Line Spinning Mill- September 2014 - June 2017 Responsibilities:
= Interviewed clients to define strategic and tactical goals, prioritize business requirements and build consensus.
= Recommended business process improvements to allow more efficient streamlining and betterment of existing processes and data storage.
- Performed strengths weaknesses opportunities threats (swot) and risk analysis; identified and defined business problems and bottlenecks, = Created quantitative and statistical business models by using ms excels data analysis program such as custorner buying frequency. » Aglobal management m&amp;a consulting firm that serves leading businesses, governments and non-profit organizations. = Conducted refinernent sessions with developrnent teams to ensure requirements were clear and precise, = Identified business Sarnp; technology risks and led cornprehensive risk assessment to mitigate top risk resulting in saving of over $5. 5m dollars.

General Accounting/Research Assistant
UCSD - January 2014 - May 2014 Responsibilities:

= Researched and prepared excel spreadsheets about the courses that contained latin american content to help apply for grants and
fellowships.

» Proposed and implemented new procedures for office processes to achieve maximurn efficiency.

= Helped create awareness and presented to the future investors about the cilas prograrn,

- Delivered strong project management concepts including project scope, workforce utilization, and gathered project requirements from clients - full project lifecycle leadership,

= Grew business pipeline by identifying potential clients using HubSpot Customer Relations Management software, ascertaining business and
financial potential for each identified client.

- Followed up with clients on support provisioning that ensured total client service and satisfaction.

» Provided support assistance to all functional business components.

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume,.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------

Project Management, Time Management, Microsoft Office, Business Analysis, Iterative Methodologies,
Use Case Diagramrning, Use Case Elaborations, Storyboard, Communication, Time Management, Business
Analysis

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

REFERENCES
---------- Reference - 1 (Com Name) pany

Reference - 2 (Company Name)
