Robert Smith

Sr .Net Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Sr .Net Developer with over 7+ years of experience in all the phases of SDLC, working through Analysis, Design, Development, Testing,
Maintenance, and Documentation of Enterprise-level web and windows applications using Microsoft Technologies. .Net professional with above 7
years of extensive experience developing applications using a Microsoft.Net framework, C#, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, MS-SQL Server Web Services, Win Forrns
and Reporting Services.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Sr .Net Developer
Vertex Solutionsinc- April 2015 - Present Responsibilities:
- Involved in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including analysis, design, prograrnming, testing, and deployment. = Designed and developed an application using Angularjs, HTMLS, CSS3,
SQL server 2034 and ASP.Net web API.
= Created the application in .Net framework 4.5 and implement logic using C# and oops concepts.
= Created the application Ul using client-side technologies like Javascript Jquery, Angular JS, CSS3, HTMLS5, and Ajax.
- Used AngularjS and typescript for control validations and data forrnat checking. = Developed forrn validations on the server side and client side using Angular}S, = Developing multiple new applications from scratch and supporting multiple existing applications.

Senior .Net Developer
ABC Corp- 2011-2015 Responsibilities:
- Researched new software development practices and use advanced technologies in creating better tools for the company. » Served as the support developer for application requirernents. = Developed server-side code for internal and external web applications. = Wrote unit tests, automated regression tests and tracking defects as they occur, = Developed applications using both C# .NET, utilizing the .NET MVC frarnework.
- Maintained a high level of security and code reusability. = Worked with clients to develop requirements documents and project schedules,

EDUCATION
---------
Bachelors- (2010)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------

JavaScript, VB Script, HTML, DHTML, XML, CSS, JQuery, Bootstrap, JSON,

Angular}S Application Servers

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding

Reading

so 1 (Cornpany

Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.