CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

ROBERT SMITH Junior Java Developer/Systems Engineer

il: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

Junior Jaya Developer/Systems Engineer with around 44 yeurs of experience in Systems Analysis, Design,
Development and Implementation of Web and Client/Server and Enterpnse Application development using
J2BE Framework. Extensively worked on n-tier architecture systems with application system development
using Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, EJB, JMS, Web services, Restful Web Services, Spring, Spring boat,
Struts MVC, JSP. Hibernate.

J2BE Technologies Serviets, JSP, Struts, EJB, JDBC, INDL JMS, RML JAXB, JAX-WS, CXP. Framework
Spring, Struts, Hibernate 3.0V4.x, Junit

WORK EAPERIENCT

Junior Java Developer/Systems Engineer
ABC Corponition - 2015 - Present

® Involved in requirements gathenng, analysis and design and documentation as the application was
started from scratch.

- Developed various j2ce components like servlets, JSP, JSTL, Ajax, SAX, XSLT, JAXP, INDI LDAP, JMS, and MQ series by using md,

® Used Struts/MVC framework to enable the intenictions between JSP/View layer and implemented
different design patterns with J2EE.

- Implemented business layer using core java, spring beans using dependency injection, spring annotations, spring web-flow components.

- implemented agent-server messaging dialog using camel and JMS (active MQ implementation),

- Setup a Jenkins.server and build jobs to provide automuted builds based on polling the git source contol system.

® Developed custom solutions that act upon Jenkins information in real-time.

Java Developer (Contractor)
ABC Corponition - March 2010 - April 2011

Involved in handling coding, testing und integration and quality assurance activities.
Performed event-driven asynchronous io using Node.Js, developed screens using JSP, struts,
Performed unit testing using J Linit test cases to test the behavior of the coded clusses,
Provided development support for system integration testing and user acceptance testing.
Lead the team toward emfting new user experiences that exceed customer expectatians Suggested areas for improvement in intemal processes along with possible solutions,

‘This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

- This Ens Remus Tomphats = the copyright of Qwiknewimecom, Usage Galdsfines
