Maria Garcia

PAUL ROCKLEY

SUMMARY
-------

A self-starting, goal-oriented and seasoned Sales professional with years of experience in
Sales, Marketing and Business development. Able to introduce new products, increase

market shares in a competitive industry. luring business from the competition, absorbing and
retaining detailed product knowledge and building a loyal clientele. Capable of handling and

delivering all aspects with proven success.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

2012-04 -

Present

2007-05 -

2012-03

2003-03 -

2007-04

2000-05 -

2003-02

Maria Garcia

World Wide Technology

- Giving corporate sales presentations/webinars.

- Promoting the services through internet marketing, cold calling, and networking.

- Hiring and training the Sales staff to increase/generate the sales/leads by 75%.

- Performing marketing analysis to qualify the potential clients, and provide

them with a customized plan needed to drive the overall sales, and increase

the revenue.

Senior Inside Sales Manager HubSpot

- Sold. closed and marketed the financial services and payment solutions B2B

(C-level).

Ranked in the top 5% in sales and appointment booking.
Consistently exceeded the monthly/quarterly quotas.

Delivered high cold calling, appointment booking, and closing ratio.

leads, and the inside sales tracking reports.

- Increased the new product sales by over 150% by coordinating with over SO

Affiliate NACM.

- Planned and attended tradeshows, networking groups, and various business events.

- Proposed and implemented new marketing and inside sales ideas to increase the overall sales.

Corporate Sales Manager

Boston Consulting Group

- Opened new prospective markets,

- Developed the sales strategies based on the customers' demands, models life cycles, and competitors analysis.

Developed a long-term business plan for the company.

Created a highly qualified team to represent the brand's services.
Managed after sales efficiency, productivity and customer's satisfaction.
Moved the Export Division as a new business Line.

Built a large customer & partner relationship world Wide.

Managed the Fleet & B2B & VIP Sales.

Managed offers, quotations & calculations.

Senior Sales Leader

The Morning News

- Recruited to drive the sales growth to small and medium-sized businesses (SMB) for Classified, Obituary and Legal departments.

- Managed four Sales Managers, and 34 Sales Professionals.

- Recognized for achieving 115% of quota versus 82% for other groups.

- Delivered over $20M in business with a 20% increase in the average sale with 40% less headcount.

- Increased the revenues from premium packages 42%.

- Credited for increasing the customer base by +300%, from 500 to over 2,000

accounts.

Hired, trained and managed the Inside Sales Representatives, including the

9 City, State

‘& 000-000-0000

& email@email.can

SKILLS
------

Sales SE BY SF ie BBS SF a

Marketing PLL SS LLL SS

Product Marketing AE AB SY BEE ABE BS 8 SE

Team Management ME MS AE AE EE SE LE AE Sl

Strategic Planning FLL LLL LL Sf

P&L Management ME BY SY 3 ES SY ST

Brand Management

ELE BEE SD BEE BY SEP LB LY

Business Development AD LEE M9 $F A SSAA

SOFTWARE SKILLS

Oracle

QuickBooks Salesforce.com QuickBase CRM Adobe Photoshop Microsoft Office Suite

INTERESTS
---------

Hiking

Biking

Golfing

Fishing

Traveling

Live Music

Entertaining

Spending Time with Friends & Family
