FIRST NAME LAST NAME

Address « City «Zip Phone Email « Linkedin

A highly motivated, seasoned, and award-winning Food & Beverages professional offering 20+ years of
experience in roles entailing management, procurement, production, design, sales, and marketing in high-
volume, global environments. Seeking new, challenging opportunity to leverage extensive background in
overseeing all facets of food & beverage service - from introducing leading-edge technology to building and
designing new restaurants, purchasing food and beverages, and managing facilities & support services.

Demonstrated history in maximizing profitability as well as guest and team member satisfaction. Possesses
extensive experience managing multi-million dollar businesses with up to 100 employees, complemented by a
passion for providing superb customer service. Employs finely honed communication, interpersonal, and
analytical skills to streamline processes, inform improvements, and harmonize diverse teams,

AREAS OF PROVEN PERFORMANCE
- Food & Beverage Purchasing « Menu Planning & Design © Start-ups & Tumarounds
- Restaurant General Management « Facility Design & Management « Training & Development
- Expense Management « Customer Service & Client Relations « Strategic Sourcing
- Budgeting & Cost Controt * Team Leadership & Motivation © Inventory Management
- Business Planning * P&L Accountability * Process Improvement KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Functioned as Project Manager, oversaw all aspects of operation (Le. purchasing, budgeting, menu and recipe
planning, and training)

As Executive Chef & Opening Manager, reduced overall food cost by 17% within first quarter of employment.
Bridged purchasing department inventory gap of $37,000 to $150.00 within 12 weeks of accepting position as
Food & Beverage Purchasing Manager. Notably provided the company’s first near-perfect inventory in its 40-
year history.

Designed kitchens, menus, recipes, order guides, and inventory forms and initiated valuable relationships with
distributors and key stakeholders.

As a Project Manager & Sales Representative, prepared the food distribution warehouse and staff for Company
Name and U.S. Military inspections, passing both with 97%.

Designed and implemented new sanitation stations and incoming container temperature tracking system;
approached to test new Web Order System to assess faults and glitches prior to distributing the service to
additional clientele. Regularly commended for acute attention to detail and strong business acumen.

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE Food & Beverage Purchasing Manager | Company Name - City Date
Overview: Delegates, manages, and organizes projects, as well as establishes priorities consistent with company
objectives for one of the largest wedding destination hotels in the Caribbean Islands.
Notable Contributions:
- Oversees orders of the best products and prices by soliciting and analyzing multiple purchasing proposals related to Food & Beverage. Creates corresponding business cases (including financial RO!) and presents clear and concise summaries of quantified options to maintain appropriate inventory levels.

- Ensures food offerings to clients, customers, and employees of the operation are of superior quality; implements and conducts quality assurance tests on safety, sanitation, and maintenance programs.


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).