CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; info@qwikresume, corm

Agricultural Technician Website wonu.auulkresiime.com

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------

Motivated and talented Individual with proven expertise in oilfield / equipment maintenance
&armp; repair technology. | arn looking for opportunities to further my career and knowledge within
this industry.

SKILLS
------

Delivery Driver, Gass A, B, Box Trucks And Vans, Growing, Harvesting And Trimming Of The Cannabis Plant, Custorner Service, Retail Sales.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Agricultural Technician
ABC Corporation - August 2015 - 2022

Placed and serviced insect traps on fruit trees (citrus, stone, apple, avocado, fig, persimmon,
etc.) -Knowledge of tree species and invasive fruit fly species required (Oriental Fruit Fly,
Mediterranean Fruit Fly, Melon Fly, Asian Citrus Psyllid),

Drived a state-issued vehicle and Use provided maps to travel to trap locations across Santa
Clara County.

Used GPS to mark trap sites.

Relocated trap sites (up to 7 a day) to different properties,

Communicated program goals to property owners upon trap placement.

Provided excellent cormrmunication to supervisor and manager regardirig field research studies
and laboratory research studies.

Provided detailed inventory and documentation of product and explanation of research projects.

Agricultural Technician
Delta Corporation - 2012- 2015

Responsible for the pest management of research fields Operated peanut separators and shellers for harvested peanut plots Responsible for locating ,

Student worker for Extension agronomist Gained experience with multiple crops Operated specialized research planters and harvesters for experimental,

Assisted with @ variety of duties on alarge agricultural operation including Customer service
relations and delivery of Ag products Leading tearns .

Employment typepart-time Maintenance and service of farm machinery Driver tractor-trailers
All aspects of farrn operations,

Employment typeful-time All operations of farming Maintenance Service Finances Employee relations Cornmodity sales.

Chernical, fertilizer warehouse,loading farrn equipment.

Operate a field service repair truck.

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor's In Geography

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Gulde lings
