CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

Robert Smith

Jr. Python Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Looking for a suitable position with a company where outstanding performance is recognized and rewarded and where he can work ona
variety of high profile web back end projects,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Jr. Python Developer
Gokiman Sachs- December 2016 - Present Responsibilities:

= Developed views and templates with django view controller and template language to create a user-friendly website interface.

= Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the developrnent and maintenance of the website using the HTML, CSS,
JavaScript and jQuery.

= Created APIS, database model and views utilization python in order to build responsive web page application,

= Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the developrnent and maintenance of the website using the HTML5, CSS3,
JavaScript, JQuery and Angular JS

= Developed views and templates with Python and Djangos view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website
interface.

= Worked on rest API calls and integration with Ul. Used Angular JS to develop the component to the application tearn, Spring MVC to
consume rest APIS and used JavaScript, CSS3 and JQuery to display the data in front end,

= Developed views and ternplates In Django to create a user-friendly website interface.

Python Developer
ABC Corp- 2014-2016 Responsibilities:
= Wrote python scripts to parse xrnl docurnents and load the data in the database, = Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for
east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval.
- Was involved inthe environment, code Installation as well as the svn implementation,
- Cleaned data and processed third-party spending data Into maneuverable deliverables within specific formats with excel macros and python libraries.

= Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the

data.

- Collaborated with internal tears to convert end user feedback Into meaningful and improved solutions,

- This project also used other technologies like jquery for javascript

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

HTML, JAVASCRIPT, JQuery, PYTHON,

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
