FIRST NAME LAST NAME

Address @ City, State Zip code # Phone: number @ email

JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER / ARCHITECT crafting applications, internal/external websites, and systems to support

p mpatise in inner, races, Strust, Spring, XML, Sun Identity ‘needed building collaborative ner Analytical Leader driving
and building collaborative internal/external relationships.
Providing platforms and tools to improve business processes and enable

Company Name is a leading company offering consulting services and solutions in Java ™, Java EE ™, Web Services,
Governance and SOA (Service Oriented Architecture), Web development & application’ support based on Java *
technology, JEE ™, ES8 and SPEL. it develops its own security products and software for the clients in the financial
sector.

SOFTWARE ARCHITECT AND JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER
Assessed client requirements and determined the applicability of Java and JEE technology to a specific contexts.

phi ritrers rienarpaat ey Rig is Ale i Java Trainer and key software developer. Led and mentored

teams and insured best practice procedures were utilized. Analyzed the current software to minimize

Teks aed th teat ne eraduci rotaDMNty Lec) taliabiaty nad ted @ palcatioos i tow tee devekasnee and peoaaction

environment.

@ Designed and developed the company’s WS-Guardian which allows the control of Service Oriented architecture
through the virtualization of centralized services. The product allowed the company to compete with products
including Product Name.

Selected as ‘Employee of the Year” at the Event Name in City, State.
Java Sun Certified Enterprise Architect for the JEE 5 and ane of the first 500 people receiving the Certified
Business Component Developer JEE 5.0 Beta.

. .
Designed and developed a product, which allows adding access policies (IP restrictions, http headers, digital
Signatures, encryption etc.) for web services published on Enterprise Service Buses without source code alterations.
Platform: JEE, £J8 3.1, Hibernate, icefaces, Eclipse, Web Services Security, Mysql, Oracle Database, Glassfish and
Weblogic.

sf encryption product and facilitated the exchange of information process
among business partners through the use of robust mechanisms of encryption and digital signatures.
Designed and developed a platform to centralize all bank stock information. Platform: JEE, EJB 3.0, Toplink,
Icefaces, Eclipse, Web Services, Oracle Database and Glassfish.

COMPANY NAME, City, State Date
Company Name specializes in creating attractive and compelling user interfaces for a wide range of applications and
por The company team comprises of graphic designers, software developers, information architects and

JAVA SENIOR DEVELOPER
Primarily worked on a Telecom project to develop a media asset management system for Client.
