Robert Smith

Jr. Java Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Jr. Java Developer with over 2+ years of IT experiences in Software Development, Support, Testing, Java and J2EE Technologies. Strong
Knowledge of Application Development using Software Development Life Cyde SDLC using various methodologies like Waterfall, Agile/Scrum,
Experience in working with Multithreading, Collections, and Generics in Java 7, Experience in managing SOAP-based Webservices and Restful
Webservices.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Je. Java Developer

Barclays Capital -

April 2017 - Present

Responsibilities:

Developing the use case diagrams, object diagrams, class diagrarms and sequence diagrams using UML,

Defining and constructing layers, server-side objects and client-side interfaces based on J2EE design pattems.

Working docker container management along with volumes, container- based DB, and services, docker antifactory configuration and setup,
Creating SQL queries, PL/SQL stored procedures, functions for database layer by analyzing the required business objects and validating thern
with stored procedures.

Involving in project planning sessions to analyze business IT requirements and developing a working model according to the
requirements.

Responsible for developing UI components using HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Angular]s.

Responsible for analysis, design, development, and integration of UI components with backend using j2e€ technologies like servlets and |SP.

Junior Java Developer
ABC Corp- 2016 - 2017

Responsibilities:

Involving in SOLC requirernents gathering, analysis, design, development, and testing of application developed using agile
methodology,

Responsible for analyzing, understanding the business requirernents and translate the same into technical specifications.

Designed and developed the user interfaces to internet/intranet applications by setting expectations and features priorities throughout
development life cycle,

Determined the design methodologies and tool sets.

Completed the prograrnming using languages and software products, Designed and conducted tests.

Recommended system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of custom development and purchase alternatives,

- This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------

Java Technologies: |2EE, JDBC, |SP, Servlets, JSF, Spring, SOAP, Hibemate, Struts. Web Technologies; HTML,
HTMLS5, CSS, C553, XML, Javascript, |Query, AJAX, Angular JS, PHP.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

REFERENCES
---------- Reference - 1 (Com Name) pany

Reference - 2 (Com nero) pany
