CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

Art Salcedo

10008 Pear Steet, Keller, TX 76248
Email: artsakedo@aa.com Phone (817) 676-4926

Assisted in hiring process through a Tako software that allows Human Resources to stay organize and saving time
on the hiring process by creating foklers for employees that are select for the second interview

Created excelspreadsheet and database that required additional updates and formulas to enhance the process of
information without requiring additional calculations

Mar 03 - December 2010, Human Resources Manager, Te xas Christian University, Ft Worth TX

Primary responsibilities included overseeing the day to day operations of the Human Resource Department to include
slaff,training and development, job analysis, accounts payable, security ckarances. Used Web Integrated Network
Systems to update and maintain personnel data.
Responsible for inspecting ROTC cadet activities for compliance with policies and directives. Reported discrepancies
and recommended corrective action,
Coordinated and prepared disciplinary records to submit to headquarters for ROTC cadets awaiting dismal from
AFROTC program.
Accurately prepared and processed USAF Officer Commission Packages. This consisted of reviewing personnel
documents, SGLI benefits, emergency data, performing personnel interviews to prepare Officers for USAF
assignments.
Responsible for handling complex pay issues for ROTC cadets,

Thoroughly verified scholarship eligibilities and military retention standards forall Air Force Cadets prior to initiating
scholarship payments which ensuredthat USAF funds were only paid out to eligible cadets.
Co-ordinated 100 plus security clearances per year with the Office of Personnel Management with zero delays and
ze1 discrepancies.
Test Control Examiner for Air Force Officer Qualification Test.
Assisted cadets with career progression counseling. Escorted cadets to various base assignments abroad and within
the United States for career development and foreign language emersion program.
Oversaw the Physical Training Assessment Program for over 70 enlisted cadets per semester.
Supervised three individuals.

Bay 02 - Mar 03, Customer Se rv ice Manager, Bucky Air Force Base, Denver, CO

Responsible for overseeing the DEERS program. Prepared and coordinated citizenship documents to assist aliens
enlisted in all military branches to obtain US Citizenship.

Prescreen various ID application and submissions by customers for accuracy,compkteness of initial supporting
documentation and eligibility for benefits.

Managed correspondence

Supervised all functions of the Customer Service Unit to include issuing ID cards, accurately inspected ¢ ustomer
documents and interviewed customers to ensure accuracy of benefits and eligibility.

Prepared and issued over 1,000 ID cards per week. Consistently achieved “Outstanding” recognition from customers
and superiors for outstanding customer service unit.

Restructured Newcomers Orientation Program.

Performed analysis on complex benefits, pay issues, gratuity pay, arrears pay, social security, government and
commercial life insurance.

Analyzed reports and maintained databases.

Casualty Assistance Representative. Administered casualty program. Prepared related records and documents.
Responsible for staff training which resulted in exceptional customer service outcomes.

Now 99 - May 02, Human Resources Relocation Manager, Buckley Air Force Base, Denver,CO

Reviewed and processed passport applications for Civil Service and all military personnel with 99 percent accuracy
rate.

Co-ordinated and conducted briefings on emerging personnel programs which resulted in well informed base
populace.

Sekcted over two managers by Military Personnel Flight Commander to fill a vacant Superintendent position.
