CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

Robert Smith

Banking Associate

PERSONAL STATEMENT

tam highly motivated with extensive experience in client relations, administrative and customer service, | have exceptional interpersonal and
communication skills with proficiency to promote confidence, bulld and maintain a business/client relationship with punctuality and accuracy as key
abilities for performing efficiently and diligently.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Banking Associate
ABC Corporation- December 2012 - August 2014 Responsibilities:
= Educate new and existing customers about the features and benefits of the banks products,
- Assist in branch sales initiatives,
- Dernonstrate knowledge of the banks policies and procedures. = Assist both internal and external clients with requested transactions such as deposits, check cashing, opening new accounts and account maintenance, = Assist inthe daily operations of the banking office; balancing ATM/night drop, maintaining cash vault for the banking office, and verifying courier deposits, = Resolve cornplex client issues. = Accept loan applications for processing.

Banking Associate
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2012 Re sponsibilties:

- Teller duties New accounts opened Assisted in loan paperwork Accomplishments Great custorner service Very punctual Assisted all departments Vault ,

= Participates as the player/dealer In a controlled garne at a garnbling establishment Provide funds when designates as the player/dealer
position .

= Cashteller, proof machine operator, bookkeeping clerk, savings and deposit account maintenance, and daily vault balancing,

= Make sure that proper rules are followed in a garning table.

= All payouts should be exactly correct,

- Trains and guide new associates in the job.

= Skills Used Mathematics, Awareness.

EDUCATION
---------
Diploma - 2001(Lake Forest High School)

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------

PC Repair, Java, C++, Windows, Networking, Networking, Troubleshooting.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
---------

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
