Information/ Network Security Engineer

Lakisha Washington

‘on request via e-mail}

(addressiptone available E-mail: resume-20080212r20080212.tempmail iokui.com

SUMMARY
-------

Broad knowledge of hardware, software, and networking technologies to provide a powerful combination of
analysis, implementation, and support. Experience in system and network acmunistration and engineering,
hardware evaluation, project management, systems and network secunty, incident anatysis and recovery.

Provide network, systems, and secunty experience, knowledge, anc solutions in a system and network-
Giverse environment. Protect confidentiality, integnty, and availability of information and information systems.
Advise and engineer secure solutions for business opportunities. Learn and expenence, mentor and share.

10/2005 - 09/2006 Getty Images: Seattle, WA Information Security Analyst IIT

‘Provide technical leadership to the enterprise for the information secunty program. Mentor and train others in
information securty in addition to training for other technical groups. Install and maintain security
intrastructure, including IPS, IDS, log management, and security assessment systems. Access threats, risks,

audits, penetration-tests, and vulnerabilty assessments. Develop scripts to maintain anc backup key security

12/2004 ~ 10/2005 Starbucks Cotfee Company Seattle, WA Information Security Analyst ~ Technical

Recommended preventive, mitigating, and compensating controls to ensure the appropriate level of protection
and adherence to the goals of the cverall information security strategy. Assisted in the evelopment of
access-cantrots, separation of duties, anc rofes. Conducted tectnical risk evaluation of hardware, software,
and installed systems and networks. Assisted with testing of installed systems to ensure protection strategies
are property implemented and working as intended. Assisted in Incdiert response anc recomenenc corrective
achons. Comenunicated with personne! about potential threats to the work environment. Participated in
forensic recovery and analysis. Participated in deveiopment and maintenance of global informaton security
policy.

11/2002 ~ 12/2004 BEC (formerly Boeing Tukwila, WA Employees Crecit Unian) TT Network & Security Analyst

Maintained seasnty of voice and cata networks anc equipment. Monitored and maintained physical anc
logeal security and access to systems. Renee Se See end cy Be wae pees,
25 well at creation and ienplementation of new security procedures. Risk assessment of partners. Presented
