JOEL COOPER

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: ($55) 322-7337 | exampie-email@example.com

SUMMARY
-------

Energetic and award-winning Inside Sales Representative with background in service sales. Skilled at
building and managing key account relationships and closing high value contracts. Goal-driven sales
professional who diligently follows up on all leads to drive new business.

HIGHLIGHTS
----------

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Sales Associate of the Year in 2011 e Key relationship management
and 2013 e Interpersonal skills

Specializes in custodial markets e Competitive and results-oriented Lead development e Clear and articulate phone
Revenue generation manner

New account creation e Analytical problem solver

Consistently exceeded daily sales targets.
Met monthly sales goals for 15 months straight.
Earned four bonuses during the first two years of employment.

02/2009 to Current Inside Sales and Service Representative Facility Cleaning Services and Supply - New Cityland, CA

Sell cleaning products, supply contracts, and cleaning services inside large cleaning supply store and service center.

Answer customer questions about products, delivery contracts, and service options.

Write up proposals and draft contracts.

Perform in store demonstrations of products.

Schedule facility walk-throughs to discuss options and quote services.
Spend 20-30% of work day cold and warm calling prospective clients to prospect new business.

Maintain up to date knowledge of industry practices and products.

Train new inside and outside sales representatives on company rules and software systems for sales tracking and order input.

09/2004 to 03/2009 _ Inside Sales and Service Representative ome Supply Company - New Cityland, CA

EDUCATION
---------

Learned and continually improved knowledge of cleaning supply and service industry to better serve clients, increase revenue, and exceed sales
and prospecting goals.

Attended trade shows and industry conferences at every opportunity.
Collaborated with established sales professionals to hone sales strategies.
Awarded Top Performer Award in 2008 for consistent high performance and surpassing of sales goals.

2004 Bachelor of Science: Business Management California State University - New Cityland, CA
Coursework in Accounting, Management, International Business, Finance, and Leadership
3.74 GPA


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.