Dot Net Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH Jiao cast caateptieeioes

Address: 1737 Marshville Roacl, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

Dot Net Developer with around 4 plus years of experience in design. development, coding and
testing of business/commercial applications using C#, ASP. Net, ADO. Net, Microsoft Enterprise
Library, SOAP, Web Services, Windows Service, WCF Services, MVC and SQL Experience in Object
Oriented Programming with Microsoft NET technologies such as .NET ASP.NET, C#, VB_NET.
1IS.DOM, XSL, XSLT, HTML 5, Java Seript, JSON, Razor. Bootstrap, Visual Studio. Net NHibermate,
ADO. Net. TFS and Entity Framework

ASP.NET, ADO.NET. WPF, WCF, LINQ Languages: C. C++, C#. PL/SQL, TSQL Database: SQL Server Oracle 91/ 10g Frameworks: NET MVC Web Technology: HTML, XML. JavaScript.
AngularJS, AJAX, CSS, SOAP, Web Services, Windows Service Server Platiorms: IIS Windows
Server SPI IDE: Microsoft Visual Studio .NET Reporting Services: Crystal Reports Version Control:
Tortoise SVN, MS-Team Foundation Server. Microsoft Visual Source Safe Operating Systems Windows Unix

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Dot Net Developer

Nutrisystem - September 2015 - Present

Analyzing the business requirements and proposed asp. Net based front end and sql based backend solutions.

Interacting with the system users to identify and gather data required for processing.
Designing and developing various abstract classes, interfaces. classes using object oriented
principles to construct the business logic using C#.

Performing design and development of Asp.Net 4.5 web application using c# and separate user
Interface logic from the business logic.

Implementing Asp.Net 4.5 validation controls to validate the user input on the server-side.
Extensively using the CSS to proyide flexible presentation, enabling multiple pages to share
formatting and reduce complexity and redundancy of the html pages.

Enhancing pages with different Ajax controls which provided responsive user Interfaces to display the data on the web page.

Dot Net Developer
Blackboard - February 2014 - August 2015

Implemented crud functionality with entity framework in Asp.Net MVC 4.0.

Responsible for developing the reusable components on Ulivtews) by developed the partial views. view starts, and reusable components.

Supported the deployment and upgraded of other related modules and applications.
Regression testing of the application in case of any upgrade and outages.

Responsible to get sign-off from the customer for software fixes in case of support tickets and
design In case of minor enhancements:

Replaced existing infragistics 7. 1 controls with 15. 1 and supported (le, chrome and firefox)
browsers,

Developed partial classes and custom action filters for exception handling.

- This Pree Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwilcresume.com. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.