RICHARD WILLIAMSON

Web Developer

An accomplished individual with 2 strong background in JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Richard strongly beSeves in the power of the Internet.
and has an intense desire to learn how to improve the webs absolute core functionality, and to alzo be involved in it: future development. He
alzo has a very good understand of the very latest programming tricks.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

WEB DEVELOPER Company name Responsible for working clazely with the product management team to organize the web presence of
clients, and to develop rich user interfaces for them.
Designing. coding and testing of Java Applications.
Keyword research and competitor analysis.
Proofreading and copyediting content for websites.
Monitoring website and platform performance.
Writing up status reports for senior managers.

WEB DEVELOPER Company name Working in a fast paced environment and producing 2 high volume of websites. Responsible for developing
websites that give users a seamless and rich Internet ‘experience, and for being the first point of contact.

= Specifying system changes to improve websites.
= Meeting daily with customers and end users.

WEB DEVELOPER Company name Optimizing web asrets for optimal speed and performance. Rezearching new technologies, software
packages and hardware products . Advizing customers and clients on the limitations of systems and websites.

WEB DEVELOPER Company name

Making suggestions for improvements in technology.

content and uzer interaction. Testing 2 website before it goes live top identify any problems. Designing and

deciding on the visual layout of 3 website.

WEB DEVELOPER Company name Changing the code, software or graphics of existing for senior managers. Creating eye-catching and
functional digital design concepts across platforms.

1? Dayjob.com, 120 vyse Street
0123.435 7880

PED intecincomyourname

f | Facebook com/yourname

EDUCATION
---------

University name Course details Modulez Details

Comfortable working on Mac OS.
Using Photoshop and Mustrator.
Maintaining high standards.
Experience of databases/servers.

REFERENCES
----------

Available on request


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Conversational English; English as a second language.