(541) 754-3010
Place of birth 2.0.2.0... ccc cece cence ees San Antonio Driving license ................0.00005
TACEOUAUN 5 5 y ramasemes £4 41 8S RURRURE G2 8 ORT 8 American

BRENDAN NAJARRO

Mechanical Engineer

1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States

LINKS

Github, Linkedin, Facebook

PROFILE
-------

email@email.com

Technically orientated Mechanical Engineer with over six years experience in reliability and maintenance activities within a dean

room environment. Highly adept with mechanic supporting sanitation systems and equipment. Completed a Masters Degree in

Thermodynamics and holds a Professional Engineering license.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Mechanical Encineer II , Zimmer Medical D6VIGes. ....1mccer cc sccsawener see sss eens senses ewes

Responsible for reliability testing of more than 30 pieces of outdated machinery and improved their efficiency by 70%

with minor design tweaks.

Test CNC machinery and equipment to ensure they function correctly and schedule preventative maintenance
activities

Coordinate reliability testing and devise planned maintenance schedules to coincide with commissioning
activities

Facilitate the safe testing and commissioning of all high voltage machinery and equipment

Make sure all PLC are tested and maintained according to the operational requirements of the plant

Mechanical Enoineer U1, Corieing TREPmOdynaiites nce so sss. wwawee se cesnweweweseessn wows

Part of the product development team that conceptualized more than 15 thermal devices in the last quarter and received
a 100% pre-approval rating for all prototypes presented.

Support the entire production process regarding quality inspections and cost improvement initiatives.
Collaborate with mechanical packaging-designers and electrical engineers to define upcoming projects in terms
of timeframes, financial resources, and allocation of labor

Create 2D and 3D schematics and drawings on Solidworks and AutoCAD

Monitor project progress, record test results, write quality reports and submit to senior engineer for final

approval

Mechanieal Paginger L Comtiienee Deis ences ccsravrrsecenssesesmmews saunas yrmewersuens erm

Improved the undisrupted equipment reliability by adding two extra planned maintenance schedules per quarter

resulting in zero shutdowns due to machine failures in the last 12 months.

Design product concepts, build prototypes and conduct testing and validation on Class I medical devices
Establish ongoing relationships with potential overseas private equity firms to secure funding for
commercialization of pilot products

Interact with potential manufacturers and create proposals to set up assembly lines, packaging requirements
and production specifications

Define product specifications, wrote inspection and testing manuals and draft failure analysis reports

May 2018 - Present Fort Lauderdale

Jan 2017 - May 2018 Tewksbury

Jan 2016 - Dec 2016 Borger


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.