ERNIE SALAZAR
166 Midland Ave, « Montclair, NJ 07042 « (973) 783-1462 « csalazara@aol.com

A highly talented and accomplished Sales and Sales Management professional
SUMMARY:

Proven ability to open, develop, and grow new territorics and markets. Highly adept at
launching new business units, with history of increasing sales revenuc. Able to prepare and
dcliver presentations, create proposals, and negotiate contracts. Extensive background in
printing and graphic arts industrics. Familiar with coordinating projects and tcams, scrving
as liaison between busincss units, and managing opcrations. Outstanding customer service
and communication skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Composition Graphics, Montclair, NJ 2001
— Present

Owner / Sales Consultant

Founded company that serves as broker between printing companics and clients with printing
and graphics necds.

Work with clicnts to determine needs, negotiate contract, and outsource project to
appropriate printing facility, based on requirements. Utilize third-party graphic designers as
necessary.

Grew business from start up to more than $400,000, with 30% to 40% margins, in only nine
months.

Provide services to companics in New York metropolitan area, with wide range of small and
medium businesses as clicnts,

Quantum Color Graphics, New York, NY 1998
— 2001

Senior Sales Representative

Carried out sales of printing services and graphic design. Recruited to plan and launch New
York satellite office for INinois-based company,

Worked closely with National Sales Manager and President to create standard operating
procedures and coordinate operations with Chicago offices.

Located office space, hired graphic artist and administrative staff.

Developed sales strategies, identificd clients, and initiated contact. Prepared and delivered
presentations to clients, negotiated agreements.

Coordinated production and delivery operations with Chicago office.

Built business from $0 to $725,000 in less than two years. Clicnts included A&E Television,
Keyence Corporation, and others.

Zincographica, Montclair, NJ 1997
- 1998

Sales and Marketing Consultant

Conducted sales, marketing, and business development consulting for Bologna, Italy-based
color separation and catalog publishing company looking to enter U_S. market.

Designed and carried out research to identify competition, outline current marketplace, create
marketing stratcgics, and locate potential clicnts,

Performed costing for proposed U.S. office, including staffing and 3-year operational
budget.

Initiated first contact with prospective clicnts.