wie | 4 cui | See. a h Bis

A highly reourcetul, fevible ard enthuwasti individest wna as an aentepous Cove Cegineer enyuys the chafenge af working
anrOss & broad range of sectors, Margaret has @ strong (rack record of Gelivering Nigh profiie and Challenging projects for #
broad range at cheets throughout the UE. She has the experience required to take leadership os enajor projects = key areas
‘SUCH 8 Detget matters, quality control, safety ant thmefrarse targets. She posservet the unqee abelty to maintan aa
avervion of eetre grajects while contin wing to wttend to Cetatled technicalities Right now she would lke to work for an
employer that ts aking for talented, committed and ambitious people to help them shape the future af thea company,

ENGINEERING - © Knowlesgy of relevant design codes for bridges and transport sehemnes:
- Codecting information, investigating aphons anc Mevising solutions.
- Verifying thee work of others, ‘© Carrying out feasibility studies.
- Fam fiar with the songe of ral bridges and Bridges over rail
- Good understanding of drwige and construction processes. (© Using 3 range of computer sactages for deveinping detated devens
- ADEty to think mettadiratty, to desvegn. plan and manage projects.

PERSONAL © Detail comstious with an ahility te shady the minute anpects af ary project,
- Abiity to traester stils fromm one sector to another, (© Making podgerments and sowing problers.
- Strategic thinker with the ability te execute effectively. ‘© Able to undertating complies as sepetitive cakutations
- Aawayt eonwning the highest quality of workmantha
- Able to work under pressure
- Negotiating supermcory ant leadership skits combiner with the abiity to Sefegate

Local Authority » Birmingham

GIL ENGINEER - Api 2009 ~ Present

Respanuibie for ereurng that projects run smoothly and structures are corspleted within budget and on tne Also in charge of
anphying procoteres and rystnens to ensure the satety of matt and otters

- Orlnvering various enigneering related projects from fnasibilty stage thraugh ta detailed devyn anc tite eepiementateon. (© Liaising with all parties involved inva project.

(© Monitoring resources and maintais ing progress against hudgets

Overseeing the dcteal constrection o6 the ground

‘eahng «ith complaints from loca! people experiencing disruption due to budding works Negotiating modifications with wechitocts wed consulting engineers

Organining heman and material reiources os ste

Unéertauing techacal and feasibly suthes including ote invectgationt

Training and supervivon of junine staff

Taking responsibility for healtn and safety on site

Using 2 range of computer gackages far developing detated designs.

Land Surveyors - Coventry
(OVI ENGINEER deve 2008 - Ara 2003

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Cirmingram North University 2005-2008 BA IMons} Civil Engineecing
Birmunghars South School = 29003-2005 A Levels: Ntaehs {8} Eaytaty (A) Phoysic (C) Geography (A)

REFERENCES - Availetee on request


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).