ROBERT SMITH Senior ETL Developer I

E-mail: info@qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

Senior E11. Developer I with over 11 years of total IT experience and Technical proficiency in the Duta
Warehousing teamed with Data Analysis, B1, Data Modeling, and ETL Development &amp: ETL Design
with full lite cycle Implementation of Data Warehouse. Involved in the clirect interaction with the clients.
Strong knowledge and experience in various sectors like banking, finance, healthcare, pharmacies, and
Insurance. Involved in building the logical and physical models.

ETL. Tool: Informatica 9.x/8.x, IDQ. MDM (Power Center/Power Marl/Power Exchange/SSIS) Languages:
SQL, PL/SQL. SQLPlus. Databases; Oracle SQL. Server 7.0, 2000, 2008, DB2, Teradata, Tera Data
Utilities, ERP System OLAP Tools: SSRS SQL. Tools: SQL Developer, TOAD, SQLPLUS, SQLLoader.
Office Tools: MSOffice. MS Project. Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Linux, Sun Solaris.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior ETL Developer I
Centers For Medicare & Medicaid Services - April 2009 - April 2017

Involved in the development of ETI, packages or newly built data mart by using SSLS.
Addressed the issues related to &quet:834 benefit enrolment &amp; maintenance transactions&quot;. Improvement of existing process and implementation of new ETL design.

- Designed and implemented a data schedule and time-code data from the different entities and processing the data to provide a unified view of the platform (conformed dimension).

- Supported and implemented appropriate HIPPA standard compliance consolidate redundant
operational process using EDI and up gradation from 4010 to 5010 and maintenance of upfront
application for research analyses between b2b. Platform (conformed dimension).

- Developed [DQ standardization mappings according to rules using IDQ transformations and address validators accelerators,

Involved in building the logical and physical models for cimensional modeling projects.
Loaded the interacting with chents to gather requirements on cleansing rules and duta remediation.

ETL Developer
ABC Comp - 2006 - 2009

- Designed and developed mapping, transformation logic and processes in Informatica for implementing business rules and standardization of source data from multiple systems into the data warehouse.

- ‘Tested all HPPA transactions for multi-version suppert (4010 and 5010) and validated the database to file clements.

- Researched the existing chent processes and guided the vendors in aligning the HIPAA compliance output with the client systems.

- This Knee Resume. Tomplate + the copyright of Qwikresume.crn, Usage Cmidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
University of Michigan