Thomas Cruise

Marketing & Communications Manager

. Work Experience
Highly skilled, a creative marketing

professional with a proven track record Marketing & Communications Manager 2017-02 - Present
of success in planning and executing
creative, high-impact, and strategic VMware
petes campaigns od effect ae, e Creating and implementing effective communication strategies to enhance awareness,
an oiler enqugience.ah understanding and committed support for new company-wide initiatives.
advance brands. © Serving as trusted communications advisor to executive leadership.
e Creating and publishing internal marketing content for continuous improvement and IT
z 5 initiatives.
Fields of Experience e Coordinating conferences, webcasts, and special events to enhance each initiative's
reputation.
e Education e Collaborating with teams across U.S., Canada, and India.
e Non-profits
e Child Welfare . oo.
¢ Performing Arts Marketing & Communications Manager 2013-03 - 2017-01
e Telecommunications :
e Industry Associations Time Inc.
Assistive Technology e Rebranded Association presence from logo to website, print materials, displays,
e Print Media Technology and booths, etc.
Manufacturing e Transformed staid industry newsletter into a popular content-rich publication featuring

critical trend reports.
e Partnered with the Government Affairs director and key Board members to
Areas of Expertise communicate policy positions out to the industry.
P Assembled and chaired Marketing Advisory Committee of Industry thought leaders.

e Created and issued email blasts and personalized digital print direct mail campaigns.

: ei graphy e Designed the stage program, secured industry speakers, scripted presentations and
© Graphic Design wrote presidential speeches.
© Social Media Marketing
e Public & Media Relations Pkt ae 3
= Puibicatlans Manacenionk Communications Manager 2009-04 - 2013-02
* Corporate Communications Advance Publications
: irs ee ee ne e Reported to the Director of communications and assisted with all the external
: s 2h communications, public relations and marketing activities for a national trade
* Marketing Strategies & Campaigns association and its foundation.

e Designed, strategic communications planning, message development, website
management, email marketing, print buying and collateral design for various programs
and conferences.

Served as an in-house reporter and contributing writer for the monthly newsletter.

« Pr & Media Relations e Recognized for revitalizing company's presence at an annual trade show.

e Crisis Communication

e Running Customer Councils

« Audio Production & Psas Internal Communications Manager 2008-01 - 2009-03
. os .

. Sophia Ponidstia World Vision International

e Employee Communication e Created and maintained online news portals and internal messaging.

e Hosting Panels and Webinars e Built internal best practices for nationwide initiatives, including benefits

e User Experience Focus Groups communications.

e Expert Video Story Production e Managed town hall meetings, rewards and recognition programs, and employee focus
e Cision Professional Pr Platform groups.

e Leading Events on Capitol Hill e Served as community liaison and board member for the regional division.

e Digital Media Creation/Curation

* Managing Communication Teams

© Social Media Community Building

e Executive Speechwriting & Counsel

© Client Testimonials & Case Studies

Hobbies and Interests

Master of Science in Marketing Communication 2004 - 2006
* Fishing Manhattanville College School of Business
e Squash
e Surfing
* Drawing Bachelor of Marketing 1999 - 2004
e Swimming A 4
* Snooker/Pool Northeastern State University
© Club leadership