ROBERT SMITH
Digital Media Specialist

Phone: (0123)456-789 | Emad: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY

A hunter mentality The ability to succeed in a competitive environment C-level selling experience,
The ability to achieve quota Professionalism and business sawy A team player attitude, strong
work ethic.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Email Marketing, Affiliate Marketing, Google Analytics.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Digital Media Specialist
Sparks Christian Fellowship - July 2010 - 2020

Key Deliverables:

Assist with producing promotionai spots and other creative video pieces for special events,
new community outreach launches, and general promotions.

* Provide-logistical support lor the Creative Arts/Technology departments

» Ensures website material is up to date, accurate, and meets advertising objectives.

* Responsible for training staff to make updates to department information via the website
back office,

* Responsbie for uploading promotional advertising on a weekly basis.

« Managed public relations strategy and delivery of social media content tor Epic Records
top Hip Hop and R&amp;B talents.

* Direct sales experience with a digital suite of advertising products. Help with
troubleshooting as it relates to website maintenance,

Digital Media Specialist
Virginia Tech University Libraries - 2005 - 2010

Key! Deliverables:
Collaborate daily with marketers, project managers, and designers to propose, develop,
and produce creative graphics, videos, and'animations for the Creative Services team &
ibrary,

* Produced over 180 graphics and 100 shor films in jess than two calendar years,

* Storyboard, design, and construct various print & web projects for client approval.

* Drive the Virginia Tech brand image by implementing media plans and designs to targeted
audiences 2.9, Students, faculty, stafl, and alumni.

* Manage the production worktiow through pre-production meetings; shoot logistics and
post-production services for final client approval.

* This includes supervising the Event Capture Service team,

* SKILLS Video Production Graphic Design Motion Graphics Social Media Marketing Project
Management Event Capture Final Cut Pro X & 7 Photoshop Illustrator AtterEtfects
InDesign WordPress Facebsok, Twitter, Instagram Microsoft Office,

|
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
‘0 This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines