CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

JANICE GREENE, SPHR

909-555-5555 ¢ jareenesphn@bawnaii.rr.com
19291 Calmar Avenue * Honolulu, Hawaii 99861

HUMAN RESOURCES EXECUTIVE

Organizational Development * Best Practices * Acquisition Leadership

Accomplished HR Executive with extensive experience and consummate achievements building multiple best-in-
class organizations. A savvy tear leader skilled in attracting the most qualificd employces and matching them to jobs
foc which they ace well suited. Pivotal contributor to senioc operating and leadership executives, pcoviding HR
leadecship foc multiple acquisitions, from due diligence ta convecsion. Innovative problem solver, strategic decision
makes, strong communicator.

» Employee Relations (ER) Acquisitions Safety

> Performance Management Labor Relations Benefits

® HR Information Systems (HRIS) Change Management Recruitment > Organizational Development (OD) Training & Development Compensation.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

WYATT HOTELS CORPORATION, Leading brand iu the lodging indnstry with worddwide locations 1984-2008
Fast-track promotion through a senes of incceasingly cesponsible HR leadership roles. Provided HR pundance to
senior leadershup teams dunng acquisitions and hotel openings. Facilitated and delivered Hilton Core Management
coutses in Management Fundamentals, Change Management, and Presentation Skills.

HYATT KILANI RESORT & SPA, Kalani, Hawaii
RESIDENT MANAGER 2000-2008
Partnered with General Manager and amassed best-ever generated EBITDA for this property, towling
more than $4M. Served as second in command of a 4-diamond property with 387 rooms and more than 700
employves. Led the Human Resources process during the hotel acquisition process, from due diligence to
conversion.
Grew market share feo 75% to 93% and improved occupancy rate from 67% to 38%.
Achieved and inceeased guest satisfaction to an average of 99% and earned record results in sales.
Intcoduced new “At Your Service” department to create a one-stop concept to enhance customer
experience and meet and maintain Hilton standards.
Designed and facilitated a grand two-day “Welcome to Hilton” event for 100 associates following property
acquisition.
Won “Movers and Shakers Award” foc excellence in operations.

MOKI BEACH HYATT RESORT & SPA, Honolulu, Hawaii
DIRECTOR of HUMAN RESOURCES 2000-2002
Senior [IR Executive for a unionized property challenged with retaining workforce during and after 9/11
event, Led a tea of more than 800 employees for 1310-coorm propetty.
Concepwualized, cornmunicated, and implemented a plan to control wages and benefits costs. Scheduled
short-term cotating layolls, short work weeks, and other unique strategies to avoid permanent layoffs.
Conceived, developed, and inwoduced new programs after business stabilized that increased retention by at
least 50% and cut staffing costs 21%,
Partnered with aty of Honolulu and created a “Shacing of Aloha” program designed to honor New York
City 911 Firemen and their families at the property.
