CANDIDATE LEVEL: Junior-Level Candidate

Steve Jones | io

Business rcrcie

E: efateayjck com

progressive Gusiness Operatons Manager with 3 particular strength in driving performance, reducing ineHiclencies and
GuALing casts, Stove i6 4 sell-motivated and focused candxdate who hes over lowe years experance of working in yemion
managerial roles, He is selt suficent and resourceful, with 2 responsive, couperative and knowledgeable approach te work
os well @: professional attitude to dealing with all operational issises that may ance Ewen thoagh he leads through the
factitation and empowerment of othars, he is stl willing to take personal responsiblity for all problems uncer his
Bovernance Right now he is looking to pow 2 leading & establsred company that is going through a period of growth

MANAGERIAL identifying, deesloping and implementing bev! practice that increases performance
Apt at revahving Contractual, tochescal anc inancial ssucs with partners.
‘Sees and busmess dewelopment skit.
Knowledge and experience of procurement processes, procedures, and policy setting.
Leading a team and prioritizing and managing resources through athers to meet goats.
tapenence of working in complies structures.
Develocing business reaationships through networking Can communicate compics technical cata ond statetics clearty.
Stabeholder, people and relatanshe managerwent,

PERSONAL ‘Willingness to learn, improve and adapt Able to take tough decisions and sustain momentum, pushing for timely action.
Incredible drive, enthusiasm and commitment.
Ability to comeunicate in a clear and effective manner Having the patonce te deal with multi decision maker sales processes,
Orgerised. calm and never bucking under pressure

Construction Company ~

BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER = April 2009 Present

Responsible tor ensuring that at Business Operational tasks are done correcty, costed ettecttvely and delivered on tme. Alsc in
charge of maintaining a good working relationship with the compiew's main clivets,

Impkementng rew operational processes and procedures.
Estabtshing and maintaeyng lois and Mespanstllities for personnel under your managernant

DoPvering regular team communications and arganising moethly meetings.

Controlling all associated operational costs according ta the prevaiing annual budget forecast.

Supporting the planning developers and overall management of project Budgets, in collaboration with retevant
senior freld managers ard HC stall,

Seeking ways of adding value to existing work areas.

Working closely to build and maintain close working reationship with clients.

Maximising accuracy, oroductivity and space utiligation,

Assisting in the recrustment, training and developenent of staft.

‘Sohane disputes and compizints in.» professional manner and within guidelines.

Building Company - Coventry

ASSISTANT MANAGER © dune 2008 Apré 2009 ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Bemingherm North Calege ‘1005 - 2008 Business Operations Management Degree

Birmingham South Schoo! 2003 2005 A Levels: Maths (8) Engtiah (4) Physic (C} Geagraphy (A)

REFERENCES Avalabe on quest
