LUKE TYSON

City, State « 000-000-0000 . email@email.com
Teaching Artist

Summary

¢ Adynamic and experienced Teaching Artist active in the local community lending thyself to
nonprofits that help spread the Arts. Exhibit a comprehensive understanding of Art History both
past and present give the artist's work context. Plan all studio coursework to adhere to clear
guidelines, technical support and classroom critiques.

e Expose students to different approaches, new materials and ways of expressing themselves,
giving them the tools and critical discourse needed to create their own definition of Art.

e Yearn the students to leave the class excited about what they are learning, and eager to push the
boundaries of what they thought they were capable of, in the next class, and beyond.

Work Experience

2014-10 - Present Teaching Artist
Napa Valley College

e Providing Art education in several California counties giving people with disabilities the tools
and inspiration to create artwork with no limitations.

e Employing Art as an element of therapy, development, and expression.

© Training in technical methods of application, design and color theory that can help
understand Art at a basic to intermediate level.

e Preparing students to do Art performances, and group jam sessions which include instrument
education, Art theory and technology-based drawing programs incorporated into lessons.

2012-06 - 2016-09 Teaching Artist
Harvestworks

e Led aweekly Arts Mentoring Program for the under-served youth.

© Supervised a team of Volunteer Mentors, and led them through in delivering weekly arts-
based mentoring sessions.

e Prepared for weekly mentor session by reviewing curriculum and adapting lessons to fit the
group’s skill level, needs, and interests.

e Led, explained, and demonstrated art activities, and created opportunities for Volunteer
Mentors to be active participants/learners and led group activities.

e Tracked attendance, completed weekly evaluation surveys, and individual youth progress
surveys.

e Led classroom management and took primary responsibility for handling challenging
behaviors.

© Supported the Harvestworks Day Program with setting up, facilitation, and clean up for the
Harvestworks Days, “pop-up” Arts Festivals sponsored by a corporation, group, or individual.

e Led inquiry-based discussion with kids and adult volunteers about featured artist's work.

2006-08 - 2012-05 K-12 Art Teacher
Christian Brothers Academy

e Balanced digital and traditional mediums and techniques as a K-12 Art Teacher.

e Leda 7th grade tutorial period and led a graphic design class that oversees the production of
the school yearbook.

e Worked closely with primary classroom teachers to create lessons that had context and
application into student's classroom learning.

e Served as a mentor to Upper School students leading the classes in illustration, animation,
photography, film, graphic design, 2D, Art History & Drawing.

e Worked to implement emerging trends in New Media and technology in all the Lesson Plans.