JESSICA CLAIRE

San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Enthusiastic computer engineer eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills.
Technical professional with complete understanding of entire software development life cycle. Respectful self-motivator gifted at finding
reliable solutions for software issues. Experienced in c#, python, HTML, SQL, node.js/javascript and working knowledge of Restful API
design & implementations. Fluent in English and Turkish and accustomed to working with cross-cultural, global teams.

SKILLS
¢ C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, 5 years of experience © Image processing
e SQL, 5 years of experience © JavaScript
e Python, MatLab, MongoDB, Tableau, Node JS © Leadership
e Frameworks: .Net, Devexpress, TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-learn, © Marketing
Pandas, NLTK. © MatLab
¢ Search Engine Optimization ° C#
© Net © Office
e API ° Windows
¢ CSS © Project management
* Clients * Speaker
¢ Database development e Python
¢ Designing © Sales
e English © Search Engine Optimization
* SQL
e System architecture
e Turkish
© User Interface
© Web site
e Written
Worx History
12/2015 to Current Software Developer

06/2013 to 09/2013

06/2012 to 09/2012

Rapid Global Business Solutions, Inc — Jamestown, ND
© Project was tasked to design an Internal Marketing System using c#,SQL, HTML, net, devexpress.
« Amazon, Walmart,eBay and Shopify.
e API's were integrated.
e The system records the end to end process.
¢ Ascalable system architecture to support high-availability Internet site with various internal applications was key.
© My responsibilities were:.
© Integration of marketplace APIs.
© Coordinated with project management staff on database development timelines and project scope.
© Revised, modularized and updated old code bases to modern development standards.
e Authored code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches.
e The successful launch of these applications enabled company growth of 30%.

Computer Engineer Intern
Ministry Of Agriculture And Forestry — City, Turkey
e Tested the User Interface for Web site and provided feedback to increase user satisfaction, reduce reaction time and
improve site mappings.
e Executed Performance testing on internal applications, documented results and maintained logs.

Computer Engineer Intern
Kisayol Bilisim — City, Turkey

© Our team has created an application for Turkish Patent and Trademark Office using MatLab, C#, SQL and HTML.

e My responsibilities within that team was:.

* Developed the FAQ and Support part of the web site.

e Researched various studies and recommended alternate algorithms for Image processing to increase accuracy and
speed.

e Tested and documented prototypes and standard products.

© Maintained positive work atmosphere by building relationships with co-workers, customers, clients and
management.

* PROJECTS Question Answering System: As the sole resource on this project created a windows application with
Phyton for COVID-19 related questions using BERT and ELMO language models.

e The Frameworks were Pandas, Tensorflow, NLTK.

© Data Visualization Tool: The objective of this project was to analyze communication structures, employee
relationships and suspicious transactions by designing and implementing a data visualization tool.

e The dataset included the VAST Challenge 2019 dataset with over 100,000+ data.

e The Frameworks were Flask, Pandas and the Language was Phyton.

« My responsibilities were data cleansing and data categorization.

e From the data visualization Leadership was able to get insight in the growth, sales, costs and make decisions
towards better performance.

e Pre-Assess Melanoma: The objective of the project was to create a system that could pre-assess malignant
melanoma using Matlab Language and image processing algorithms.

e The system was trained with the images of malignant and healthy images.

¢ My responsibilities included all development, testing and training.

© The User Interface was the responsibility of other team member.

e This system enabled the users to seek healthcare at earlier stages of melanoma.

Epucarion
06/2021 IN
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ
06/2015 Bachelor of Science: Computer Engineering

Master of Science
EXPECTED

Work History

Selcuk University - Konya

12/2015 to Current

06/2013 to 09/2013

06/2012 to 09/2012

PUBLICATIONS

Software Developer
AKNY LLC - Saddle Brook, NJ
© Project was tasked to design an Internal Marketing System using c#,SQL, HTML, net, devexpress.
e Amazon, Walmart,eBay and Shopify.
e API's were integrated.
¢ The system records the end to end process.
¢ Ascalable system architecture to support high-availability Internet site with various internal applications was key.
© My responsibilities were:.
¢ Integration of marketplace APIs.
© Coordinated with project management staff on database development timelines and project scope.
e Revised, modularized and updated old code bases to modern development standards.
e Authored code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches.
e The successful launch of these applications enabled company growth of 30%.

Computer Engineer Intern
Ministry Of Agriculture And Forestry — Ankara, Turkey
© Tested the User Interface for Web site and provided feedback to increase user satisfaction, reduce reaction time and
improve site mappings.
« Executed Performance testing on internal applications, documented results and maintained logs.

Computer Engineer Intern
Kisayol Bilisim — Ankara, Turkey

¢ Our team has created an application for Turkish Patent and Trademark Office using MatLab, C#, SQL and HTML.

e My responsibilities within that team was:.

© Developed the FAQ and Support part of the web site.

e Researched various studies and recommended alternate algorithms for Image processing to increase accuracy and
speed.

¢ Tested and documented prototypes and standard products.

© Maintained positive work atmosphere by building relationships with co-workers, customers, clients and
management.

¢ PROJECTS Question Answering System: As the sole resource on this project created a windows application with
Phyton for COVID-19 related questions using BERT and ELMO language models.

e The Frameworks were Pandas, Tensorflow, NLTK.

© Data Visualization Tool: The objective of this project was to analyze communication structures, employee
relationships and suspicious transactions by designing and implementing a data visualization tool.

© The dataset included the VAST Challenge 2019 dataset with over 100,000+ data.

e The Frameworks were Flask, Pandas and the Language was Phyton.

e My responsibilities were data cleansing and data categorization.

¢ From the data visualization Leadership was able to get insight in the growth, sales, costs and make decisions
towards better performance.

e Pre-Assess Melanoma: The objective of the project was to create a system that could pre-assess malignant
melanoma using Matlab Language and image processing algorithms.

e The system was trained with the images of malignant and healthy images.

© My responsibilities included all development, testing and training.

© The User Interface was the responsibility of other team member.

¢ This system enabled the users to seek healthcare at earlier stages of melanoma.

English for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics University of Virginia Darden School of Business Getting Started: Agile
Meets Design Thinking University of Pennsylvania Biology Meets Programming: Bioinformatics for Beginners Coursera Course Certificates

LANGUAGES

¢ Fluent in written and spoken English
¢ Spanish B1 level
e Native speaker of Turkish

SKILLS

e C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, 5 years of experience
e SQL, 5 years of experience
e Python, MatLab, MongoDB, Tableau, Node JS

e Frameworks: Net, Devexpress, TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-learn, Pandas, NLTK.

e Search Engine Optimization,

e Net, API, CSS, clients, database development, designing, English, HTML, Image processing, JavaScript, Leadership, Marketing, MatLab,
C#, Office, windows, project management, speaker, Python, sales, Search Engine Optimization, Spanish, SQL, system architecture,

Turkish, User Interface, Web site, written