JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Former U.S. Navy veteran with 4 years of experience in software engineering who seeks employment as part of a dynamic software

development team. Have 2 years of experience developing web applications using web technologies such as AngularJS, HTML, JQuery, and

CSS and about 2 years of experience in developing mobile applications for the 10S platform using swift and 10S SDK.
RELEVANT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

04/2021 to Current

03/2021 to 04/2023

01/2019 to 09/2020

09/2016 to 01/2019

IOS Developer
Bank Of America Corporation — Bainbridge Island, WA
© Developed native 10S product compatible with iPhone and iPad devices.
© Collaborated with development team in architectural design and decisions.
© Worked with Atlassian products such as Jira for tracking and updating user stories and sprint progress.
© Utilized Confluence as a tool for documenting and referencing technical project work.
© Used Carthage package manager in importing and managing project's third-party libraries and dependencies.
© Used GitHub as a versioning control tool to manage project's source code history.
* Used ARC to handle memory management efficiently.

© Developed iOS native application to support various screen sizes and orientations for iPhone and iPad using Size

Class.
© Utilized the Combine framework in building a reactive application.

IOS Developer/React Native Developer
Pointclickcare — Montgomery, AL

© Collaborated in implementing responsive 10S native applications using Swift and the latest technologies to provide

users with a smooth and intuitive user experience.
© Followed Apple's Human Interface guidelines to create products aligned with 10S UI norms.
© Created reusable components that can be applied to 10S applications developed throughout the organization.

¢ Managed and implemented data state across application using Redux and Redux-thunk (as middleware to manage

Asynchronous data).

© Conducted interviews to evaluate possible future 10S developer candidates to meet the development team's staffing

capacity.
© Provided continuous maintenance and bug fixes for the existing application to improve usability and user
experience.

© Wrote unit tests on the existing React Native and 10S codebase to meet a minimum of 80% code coverage using

Javascript and 10S testing frameworks such as JestJS and XCTests, respectfully.

Junior IOS Developer
Anthem, Inc. — City, STATE
© Have about 2 years 10S development experience in Swift.

© Proficient in 10S application development using native frameworks like Core Graphics, PushKit, AVFoundation,

and UIKit.
© Improved product quality through code reviews, writing effective unit tests and collaborating with QA on
implementing automation testing.

© Work along with other engineers and developers in formulating and deciding on solutions to technical problems.

e Reviewed client requirements, wireframes, and designs for technical feasibility.

e Experience writing code following MVC architecture.

e Integrated ForeSee SDK to enable customer feedback on application usage.

© Collaborated with the scrum team to translate client requirements into implementable user stories.
© Developed reusable custom components for 10S applications.

e Experience in concurrent programming working with operation queues and dispatch queues.

© Worked with source control tools such as Bitbucket.

e Experience with agile/scrum tools.

« Experience with RESTful, JSON, XML, and SOAP Web Services.

© Used Jira to maintain project and sprint level progress and development.

¢ Implemented remote feature flag capability using LaunchDarkly SDK for continue integration (CI) support.

AngularJS/Mobile Developer
Anthem Inc. — City, STATE
© 2+ experience in developing web application in AngularJS. HTML, and CSS.
© Worked with product designers and product managers to design user interactions in applications.
© Tested features across various browsers.
¢ Implemented push notifications functionality into Android and 10S mobile platform.
e Fixed bugs as were encountered.
© Conducted design and code reviews to share knowledge with development team.
© Designed and maintained Web and Mobile applications.
© Collaborated with designers to create clean interfaces and simple, intuitive interactions and experiences.

¢ Assisted Anthem in cost savings of up to 150,000/year through migration of cross-platform Mobile Application

framework from IBM Worklight to Apache Cordova.

¢ Implemented build tools including Gulpjs into mobile applications.

© Performed and implemented unit tests on several sections of Anthem's Mobile Application using Jasmine
framework.

© Modularized front-end CSS and JS code with Sass.

© Develop rich SPA using AngularJS javascript framework.

Work EXPERIENCE

05/2007 to 11/2012

05/2005 to 06/2007

03/2004 to 04/2005

Auxiliary Machinery Operator and Supervisor
U.S. Navy — Newport News, VA
¢ Supervised operation and organizational maintenance of auxiliary machinery systems.
© Successfully trained and led a team responsible for maintenance, operation, and supervision of essential power
plant auxiliaries.
© Repaired and restored large emergency power plant diesel engine worth over 2 million dollars during overseas
deployment.
¢ Dismantled and inspected components and adjusted and repaired them as necessary.
¢ Trained, directed and instructed over 6 apprentices and helpers.
© Maintained logs, lists and files and promptly completed all necessary paperwork.

Cashier
Taco Bell — Kissimmee, FL
« Accepted payment by from customers and made changes as necessary.
e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
© Worked with customer service to resolve issues.
© Operated cash register with proficiency.
© Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service.

Food Service
Disney World — Orlando, FL
e Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
© Cleaned and straightened work area.
© Responsible for daily set up of multipleGreeted guests and sat them at tables or in waiting areas stations.
© Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

EpucatIon
2024 Master of Science: Computer Science
Johns Hopkins University - Baltimore, MD
2020 Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR
GPA 3.25
2016 BBA: Information Systems and Technology
Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA
GPA 3.4
2016 BBA: Economics
Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA
SKILLS
© Swift e CSS
© Mobile App Development e HTML
e REST © React Native

¢ JavaScript

e IOS