Emily Walsh

- PERSONAL DETAILS {>

A disciplined and self- motivated athlete with a recent course in Athlete Management.
An awarded sports persona with excellent levels of fitness.Looking for positions with sports
organizations as a trainer where | can leverage my skills in sports coaching, health and fitness, and team
development.

& Phone Number

94676430990

G4 Email Address

priya234singla@gmail.com

iN. Linkedin uRL

linkedin.com/in/priya- singla

Address

13 Nehru Street, Manali

») SKILLS ( TECHNOLOGY / FUNCTIONAL )

@ Hand-eye Coordination i & 4

@ Athletic Coaching ie od

®@ Performance Evaluation kkkkw

® Teamwork and Leadership kexexe

®@ Fitness Mentoring

i & 4

KPS KPS

EXPERIENCE / INTERNSHIP

Public School, Chandigarh
Public School, Chandigarh Jun 2018 - Sept 2018

Effectively communicated rules and procedures of relevant sports by conducting training workshops.

Advised, guided and counselled athletes on their nutrition, health, safety and use of various sports equipment.

Assessed and evaluated the performance of athletes during training and contests.
Understood strengths of the players and inspire them to overcome their weaknesses by different types of coaching styles.

EDUCATION
---------

IGIPESS, Manali 2019

Bac

helor of Physical Education

Deen Dyal School, Hissar 2015 Higher Secondary

Deen Dyal School, Hissar 2013

Sen

The

ior Secondary

PROJECTS
-------- Impact of Unexpected Exercises on an Untrained Individual

Assisted a senior professor in studying the impact using RPE values and FS scale.
Purpose of the study was to determine the role of tele anticipation in sedentary

population.
Received citations from 3 major national journals.

PROFESSIONAL ENHANCEMENTS

Awards

Awarded “Best Athlete Award” by Haryana Sports Association in 2018.

Courses

Pos

Athlete Management Course from Sports Management Worldwide, 2019

EXTRA-CURRICULAR itions of Responsibility

Vice-President of college’s NCC club.

Volunteering

Volunteered for awareness program on World Sports Day, 2017.
Taught sports to slum children as a member of Khel NGO from 2017 to 2018.

Participations / Sports

Lan

Gold medal winner in Inter-College Gymnast Competition, 2019.

Gold medallist, National Level Swimming Championship, 2018.
Bronze medal winner in International level athletic competition, 2018.
Silver Medal winner in National Gymnast Competition, 2017.

guages

English, Hindi, Punjabi, Italian
