Maria Garcia

Robert S mith Phone (123) 456 78 99

Email; info@qwikresume, corm

Information Technology Analyst heli im opepapreey ec

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

SUMMARY
-------
An experienced ERP Application Systems Administrator, who has demonstrated the ability to lead

diverse teams of professionals, in small to mediurn sized IT projects, resulting in new cost saving
levels of success, in fast-paced environments.

SKILLS
------

Security Architecture, Vulnerability Assessment, Smart Cards And Tokens, Customer Service,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Information Technology Analyst
Infosys Ltd At Harley-Davidson Motor Company - Novernber 2012 - 2020

Complete vulnerability scans with MVM and Nessus, monitor nétwork and systern access atternpts via QRadar.

Open tickets for tears to patch systerns in order to clase vulnerabilities,

Make recommendations to securing other systems and printers.

Write metric reports for management to relay to client,

Create Security policies for H-D based on NIST standards and Industry best practices, which
are published for corporate use.

Identified problerns in the McAfee Invironrment to resolve data flow and endpoint DAT file
udpates,

Utilized Wireshark network monitoring to determine cause of Sorne network issues.

Information Technology Analyst
Delta Corporation - 2007 - 2012

Windows 7 platform support under an ITlL-based service desk discipline Activation of mobile
devices using MDM managernent console; BES account,

Worked as a Project Engineer In Wipro Technologies, Hyderabad frorn Mar 08 to Marchi 1, Technical Skills Skills Technology Experience ETL Tools Informatica Power Center 9.5.1
Administration &amp; Developrnent 7 Reporting Tools OBIEE 11.1.1,7,

Thorough understanding and experience in perforrnance tuning and optimization techniques Performed design review, modify codes and test upgrades,

Automated huge volumes of data load into the database through Batch scripting which saved manual effort by 40% Proficient In gathering and analyzing.

Participated In Extreme Prograrnming tearn Pioneered adoption of web services and XML for generating sales reports Designed and developed enterprise.

This is Durnmy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

EDUCATION
---------

Master's In Homeland Security - Information Security and Forensics - 2013 (Penn State WorldCampus - York, PA)

- THs Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Guskie lines
