Patrick Sisko

Management Consultant

Work Experience Education

- Over 12 years of project experience in roles with increasing responsibility including Project Manager, Special Projects Consultant, and Senior Management Consultant

Certified as a Project Management Professional (PMP), Certified Agile Project Management Professional
(Cert.APM) & Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM).
Results-oriented individual with an ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritizing and
managing multiple projects and responsibilities with high change and high complexity.

Excellent written and oral communication skills with an ability to collaborate and influence others at
all levels.

Distribution

Industrial marketing

Supply chain management Strategic and Business planning and performance management (BSC), PBO

Project and program management, PMO implementation and management

Organizational design and

@ New York, NY
& 000-000-0000

& email@email.com

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Management Consultant Jun 2020 - Present

McKinsey & Co.

- Responsible for the planning, direction, and coordination of activity required to effectively manage multiple projects.

- Analyze and improve upon project proposals, ensuring management expectations are met and successful outcomes are achieved.

- ensure goals, time-frames, Funding limitations, staffing requirements and allocation of resources are addressed before project execution.

- Oversee direction and coordination of project personnel.

- Spearhead establishment of standards and procedures required for reporting and documentation,

- Monitor quality assurance.

- Review status reports and modify schedules and plans as required.

Management Consultant Feb 2015 - Mar 2020

Cornerstone Research

Executed a 6-Module Leadership Development Program including strategic capacity, self-awareness, organization intelligence, team intelligence, and development.
Designed, conducted, and analyzed an Engagement Survey with Real Estate Market Leaders to benchmark the level of organizational engagement for a period of 10
months.

Implemented OD initiatives and transferred relevant knowledge and skills to key client stakeholders in Real Estate Market Leaders.

Identified OD needs after thorough in-depth interviews and focus groups and created cross-functional teams to facilitate and improve internal communication.

Productized several of the organization's offerings as marketing materials for prospective clients.

Project Management Consultant

Apr 2012 - Jan 2015


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
President, Sorority Philanthropy Committee. Captain, Cheerleading Squad.