Craig barb ind

Davies parse Sales Seccame

Representative | tmeanincom

PERSONAL STATMENT

A. dmanic young person whe has 2 strong Gesee to break into sales and markening Craig h seit monvated, well organcred
arid Dossesses super D COMM ene atlun shit and sound Dusiness madeness He bh more than able fo work on his owe WTlative
within: vibrant Sales Team. 4nd to Hate directly with CUSTOMERS. As an aspu ing sales reps he is HrTbumiate, prepared 10
wort hard and tan strong new business hunting skits. He is able to built him own territory and initiate # strategy to achiey ©
SHORT, Pid ahd long Term Sates SuLcess SIEM how he 6 hooking for an entry level powRon weh & company Inet remarie hard
Wort, COmEVENWRT and loyatty with 2 tartashk benefits package and very real opsortumbes tor progression:

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS.

Coventry North College 2011-2012 Diploma in Marketing Pon Birmingham South High Schoo!

Marre 2008 - 2011 Engith Pas Geography Pass Physics es Business Studies Pass COMPETENCIES

SALES BE Managing and growing a territory of indepenctent retaiiors.

& Abhity to build retationships etectreeiy with customers across all levels,
Follrwreg Uo new leads with customers and quictly pointing aut the Benefits of 4 product of service
1 Abie 10 work in a door te doce and face to lace sales capacity.

PROFESSIONAL - & impeccatie customer service whim Be Always Gntivering the Devt possebie solutions fot customers
B Being «role modet for Brands Through Being inmacutatel presented & professional BE An eve for comwmercist and tales apportunities.

PERSONAL 8 An enioatable work eric and determined altitude Towards hitting bales Targets.
1 Frcetient comreumcation chills aed highly personable.
B Abmity to tafluence fey dec hte meters.
- An ambenou and positve team player.

‘SALES SIOLLS AQUIRED WHILST STUDYING

Strong & confictewt communicator cover the phone & facw to fare,

Computer inerate anc proficiency in the Engikh language,

W iGeantying and developing sew eccourts, whist martaining and developing canting accounts.

B Ablity to work under pressere and to meet declines,

@ CoceBent neportating skits

1D Knowledge of al! experts of customer care tecluding: new account eppcatios, meeting customer expectation,
costomner complaints, credit facies aed mvoice paymonts.

H Arange of advanced seting stits, from prospecting to chosing.

1 Deating ath all customer queries, etficuentty and effectively

HOBBIES

In his spare tine Craig like to take part in competitive activities, such a3 mentally challenging competitions, out
quizzes and sports events, As a naturally energetic person he also takes part in physical activities such as jogging.
swimming and cycling. At the end of the day he usually unwinds by meenng up with friends fora meal.

REFERENCES - Avaletee on reauest


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Harvard University