AREAS OF EXPERTISE Building Work

Health & Safety Bathroom installation Bricklaying

Carpentry & Joinery

Drainage systems

PROFESSIONAL French speaker

First Aider

PERSONAL SKILLS Passionate

Forward thinking Focused

Hard working

CONTACT
-------

Maxine Curry Dayjob Lid

The Big Peg Birminchan

BIS 6NF

T- 0121 638 0026
M: 0121 638 0026
E- info@dayjob.com

Driving license: Yes Nationality: British

Maxine Curry

Construction Worker PERSONAL SUMMARY

An intelligent, physically strong and hardworking Construction Worker who can carry out heavy manual construction work for extended periods of time, under adverse
weather conditions. Maxine has experience of welding, bricklaying. carpentry, plumbing. painting, roofing, flooring. tiling and scaffold erecting. Through her
working life she has gained the knowledge and recognised qualifications needed to carry out a wide variety of construction duties. Right now, she is looking for a suitable
position with a building company that only wants to recruit the very best.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Company name - Location

CONSTRUCTION WORKER Jun 2013 - Present

Responsible for assisting experienced trades people on a major and busy construction site, by carrying out a range of manual duties.

- Smoothing and finishme freshly poured cement or concrete onto floors and walls.

- Operating a range of powerful hydraulic cranes in a variety of outdoor building sites.
- Frequently lifting, carrying & handling construction material that weighs 40 pounds.
- Helping to locate water and sewer lines by reading old blueprints and floor plans.

- Operating jackhammers & drills to break up concrete structures, slabs & pavements.
- Working and clearing rubble from flood damaged domestic & commercial buildings.
- Controlling traffic in and out of a construction site using placards and hand signals.

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 - Jun 2013)

Company name-Location JOBTITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011 -Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

- Experience of carrying out construction work in tunnels and underzround

- During my career, have has worked on Highway construction projects, tunnel

- Willing to work weekends as well as travel and stay overnight in different locations.

- Punctual by nature and able to start early at 6.30am and can commit to a long day_ Can work in sll kinds of adverse outdoor weather conditions such as rain or snow.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton 2008 - 2011 BSc (Hons) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005 - 2008 A levels:

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C) REFERENCES - Available on request.

i i


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.