CANDIDATE LEVEL: Entry-Level Candidate

Health Advocate Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

R O B E RT S M IT H Website: cammemmery

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

As a Health Advocate, responsible for Working with Health Services Coordinator to implernent the
following health cormponents throughout WCFD Early Childhood Programs general health, oral
health, health education, and nutrition to ensure that all children and pregnant women receive the
maximum health care as required by the State Statutes & Head Start Perforrnance Standards.

SKILLS
------

Marketing Analyst, Carnpaign Management, Email Strategist, Communication.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Health Advocate
Finger Lakes Community Health - October 2013 - 2020

Developed, set, and implernented class curriculums and prograrns for standalone and ongoing
classes,

Prepared from middie school to college, adults, professionals, and parents,

Collaborated with school educators and local agencies to create specific programs to fit the
needs of students and clients,

Maintained these relationships to ensure successful prograrnming.

Prepared and completed state reports relating to education and cornmmunity outreach for reproductive health and insurance enrolrnent,

Assisted individuals to enroll inthe New York State of Health enroll in Qualified Health Plans
and assist eligible Individuals to enroll in Medicaid,

Educated the public on the benefits of health insurance and what health insurance provides
for individuals and farnilies.

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2013

Reviewed and adjudicated medical and hospital claims to meet stated contractual deadlines for Medicare and Medicaid carriers.

Maintained contractual and regulatory quality standards of 98% financial accuracy and 97% procedural accuracy through internal systerns to insure .

Technical Skills Keystone Mercy Health Plan internal claims systems, advanced user of Microsoft Office Products.

Provides all-care support for individuals with Alzheimers for their farnilies,

Plans activities to keep individuals engaged and excited Provides meal plans and prepares food for Individuals Advocates for Individuals with thelr ,

and takes ther into consideration when it cornes to diet and exercise.

Supervise social activities of dernentia and the Alzheimer client, and assist In promoting the
quality of life in clients.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines
