Robert Smith

Jr. SAP Consultant

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Currently employed with Cognizant Technology Solutions as a SAP Consultant . Well experienced in different Cross Application technique. Have
experience and knowledge on handing SAP Master Data Objects.

WORK EXPERIENCE
--------------- Jr. SAP Consultant

ABC Corporation -

August 1997 - December 1997

Responsibilities:

Created a Batch Input program to load GL-Account Posting Header data using transaction F-02 Developed Classical BDC programm.

Report that lists all customers, the materials ordered and the net price for a given customer by sales area Report that lists.

Developed a report of all the Fast roving iterns listing material number, quantity, plant, and delivery date,

Created a new Order Confirmation Layout set and print programm.
Created a print program to generate transfer orders.

Inserting a company logo, company address, order number, sold to, ship to, product no, net price,

Modified invoice print program to get the narne of the person who created the sales document Created sales order and purchase orders.
Actively worked In master data, order types, contract types, basic function, pricing, availability check, route determination,

SAP Consultant

ABC Corporation -

1994 - 1997

Responsibilities:

Client SEL, STIL, SWIL, SWECO Suzlon Energy Limited is Worlds Sth largest wind turbine manufacturer with operations in Australia, China,
Europe, India & USA with International business headquarters in Denmark.

Suzlon is having own ERP division for implernenting SAP R3 for in house project for own Group Cornpany & proving support to existing
implemented cornpanies.

Worked as a Projects tearn rember Salient feature of my work onthe project were as follows - | was responsible for Implementation & Post
Implementation support for Suzlon group of companies.

Involved in Customer Project Mapping.

Configuration In Project structure, Std. Ternplates, CATS for hours booking & Claim - Authorization and role management.

Online support to end users for day to day activities through service desk.

End user training and training material developrnent,

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume. corn. Usage Guiielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SKILLS
------

Worked On SD, Fl, EWM; Data Archiving SD, MM, 1S-O1L.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Captain, Varsity Basketball Team. Member, Fraternity Alumni Council.