Robert Smith

Sr. Farm Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Worked as a professional draft horse trainer for the last 17 years showing horses throughout the United States and Canada. As a Farm Manager | had
to prioritize daily tasks, and then do the work as | was the only ernployee. | also was able to put my problern solving skills to use often as in the farming
industry you can not predict what animals or the weather would throw at you for the day, Looking for a career change to be able to work locally to be
with my family more.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Sr. Farm Manager
ABC Corporation- July 2012 - March 2016 Responsibilities:
= Demonstrate or explain working techniques, practices, or safety regulations to farm or ranch workers.
= Determine types or quantities of crops or livestock to be raised, according to factors such as market conditions, federal prograrns or
incentives, or sail conditions.
= Direct livestock or crop waste recycling operations.
= Direct the breeding or raising of stock, such as cattle, poultry, or honeybees, using recognized breeding practices to ensure stock
improvement.
- = Evaluate marketing or sales altematives for farm or ranch products, = Inspect farm or ranch structures, such as buildings, fences, or roads, ordering repair or maintenance activities, as needed. = Monitor pasture or grazing land use to ensure that livestock are properly fed or that conservation methods, such as rotational grazing, are used,

Farm Manager
Cottie Organics- 2011-2012 Responsibilities:
= Collaborated with buyers to set up orders of produce and prevent management and delivery problems.
- Assisted in delivery of products to buyers.
- Analyzed farm needs; order and kept stock of fertilizer, chemicals, seed, packaging containers, and cleaning, supplies, = Conducted food safety training for 25 ernployees. = Obtained USDA GAP food safety certification for the company.
- Provided direct assistance of harvesting, washing, packaging, and distributing product. =» Managed ernployees on their day to day duties and paid employees.,

EDUCATION
---------

- This Eree Resume Template ts the copyright of Quikresume com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Microsoft Office, Cross Selling, Sales, Cash Handling, Telephone Skills.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
---------

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Basic English proficiency; primary language other than English.