Jamal Jackson

ROBERT SMITH Jr. Health Fitness Specialist

il: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789

Dedicated customer service oriented health und fitness professional. With extensive experience in program
management, client relations, marketing strategy, record und data management, program implementation,
team collaborations, physical conditioning, nutritional health, group exercise, sports progruming und
customer service,

SKILLS
------

Microsoft Office, Pitenss Instructor,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Jr. Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corponition - February 2011 - October 2014

- Perform fitness testing and assessments on a member, which includes but not limited to, the evaluation of cardio respimtory and muscle conditioning.

- Results are then entered into.a member management software program,

- Advise members of physiological test results.

® Develop and recommend exercise prognums on regular basis by instructing members on proper
exercise techniques, use of equipment and fitness concepts.

- Monitor members progress and perform follow-up measure progress and results.

® Provide personal tmining services as part of our HIP (Health improvement Program).

- Create and maintuin bulletin boards, Employee Connection website and other member marketing &amp; communication materials consistent with HPC standards and within designated timefnume,

Health Fitness Specialist
ABC Corponition - 2006 - 2011

Provide high quality customer service to all members of the fitness center.

Conduct proper health screenings und assessments.

Pollow ACSM guidelines forall fitness assessments and interpret findings.

Lead one on one trainings and group exetvises classes to members.

Implement strategic programs and marketing plans.

Establish and coordinate membership database and adberence programs.

‘This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.

- Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology - (San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA)

- This Ens Remus Tomphats = the copyright of Qwiknewimecom, Usage Galdsfines
