CANDIDATE LEVEL: Mid-Level Candidate

22 Street Rd.

John Smith City State 00000

Cell; (222) 222-2292

Email: emailtaddress.com SENIOR OPERATIONS MANAGER / FORESTRY & HEAVY EQUIPMENT EXPERT
Highly skilled professional in log harvesting and operation of heavy equi for 20+ years, both

domestic and international, Proven record of success in completing multimillion dollar projects for both
government and private sector. Expertise includes full cycle operations, land purchases, harvesting timber,
Fo sairrg eh m! dollar equipment use (skidders, feller bunchers, log loaders, construction equipment), bid
pecpe marketing, budgeting, forecasting, contract iation, land planning, road De eed ade le and management. An effective communicator who easily builds consensus and

Lat eis suc gm pletion of projects. Provide leeientiy and maniorig to Melt sexi sppwenticn. 5
mae Ss positive dient relationships ensuring repeat business for reoccurring contracts. Ability to

a pei mix of Pi detail with planning and goal-setting acumen to achieve objectives,

CORE STRENGTHS Leadership & Management Operations Sales & Marketin,
- Business Plan Creation, Negotiation ¢ Budgeting & Operational Cost/ ¢ Marketing errs Be with Banks & Loan Officers Margin Controls and Partnerships
- Employee Coaching & Forecasting © Market Forecasting Em ent © Business Analysis © Business Dev it be . Creston & implementation ofNew «Land Planning & Building Expansion Statngies Business Operations * Fully Qualified Heavy © Client Relationship-
- Strat Decision Making, oe ery ration ray Loyalty, & Critical Procedure Development . Negotiations

- Project Coordination & Management « eset & . Tradeshow Coordination
- Innovative é& Entrepreneurial Oponton of 1g Crews & Networking

CAREER AND ENTREPRENURIAL HISTORY

L & S Liquors, 5; TX, USA
Owner/Operal Manager 2008-2010
Owned and operated a local community liquor store and ran day-to-day operations. Increased revenue to
over 200k in two years and subsequently sold business as an exit strategy, making a substantial profit.
- - Facilitated operational directives including; inventory control, cash reconciliation, AR/AP, budgeting, and forecasting, business management and compliance of all applicable state & local laws,
- Established key relationships with vendors, suppliers, and other sales personnel to leverage profitable pricing and buying, power.
- Executed product marketing placement and promotions to clevate sales of new and existing products,
- Created seasonal promotional campaigns to successfully move product, providing for opportunities to carry new items and remain competitive in the market.

Pioneer L Williams Lake, BC

pare Sub-Contractor 2007-2008
Facilitated tree-cutting phase of harvesting timber for a 1 year contract. Mapped out and developed
forestry block and clearing of trees for road development; operated feller buncher to harvest 140,000
cubic meters of timber.

Training Harvest E: ition, Russia

‘ontractor/Trainer 2006-2007
‘Tigercat Forestry Equipment Company sponsored my travel to Russia, sending me for the purpose of
teaching the Russian loggers how to operate new and innovative equipment with the expected result in
harvesting a higher volume of timber per day. This initiative could take them from harvesting 250,000
cubic meters of timber per year up to 700,000 cubic meters per year. The company shipped 5 pieces of
new heavy logging equipment to Russia to assist in this goal. 1 spent three months coaching and
mentoring the Russian harvesters and also developed a project plan to restructure their harvesting
methods and processes to enable them to reach this goal.
