CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

First M. Last
emaili@gmail.com * 609-000-0000 « |inkedin.com/iny/firstiastname * City, ST O0000

COMMUNICATIONS & PUBLIC RELATIONS PROFESSIONAL

Strategic communications and public relations professional with more than 15 years’ experience helping cents in the healthcare
and pharmaceutical fields develop and implement communications and PR programs with traditional, digital and social media to
achieve business objectives. Proven track record with developing deep relationships with key stakeholders and collaborating with
senior management to deliver results,

CORE COMPETENCIES
Media Relations Strategy * Communication Strategy * Social Media « Market Analysis « Message Development

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY, City, ST * YYYY - YYYY
Company description, indicating size, industry and other relevant information to candidate’s job goats.

Account Manager
Offer strategic and creative counsel and provide project management on account activities. Serve as senior-level partner
and media contact on behalf of clients. Provided quality control on agency deliverables, manage budgets and implement
strategic communications programs and plans.
. Hic shen anmlenletenddaeipio daa sss. carr a meat aula aaa armada interviews, online giveaways and social media marketing initiatives.

PR AGENCY, City, ST * YYYY - YYYY

The PR arm of Company EFG, 2 leading, global health communications agency; rebranded os Company ABC in YYYY,
Ascount Supervisor

Managed chent relationships and internal teams for key accounts and oversaw work flow and processes for PR and
integrated teaens, Mentored a team of four junior staff members; responsible for overseeing their work such as
executing complex travel arrangements and developing travel itineraries. Lead complex project timelines to ensure

- Managed multiple vendors in the development of consumer/celebrity campaign webdsite healthcompany.com.

PUBLIC RELATIONS FIRM, City, ST * YYYY ~ YYYY
The world’s largest public retations firm, with more than 7000 employees in 85 cities.

Project Manager
Developed relationships with salesforce to coordinate logistics for a nationwide, breakthrough public affairs campaign.
were provided to physicians’ offices.
- Provided on-site support to medical office staff and field force for twelve health clinics, which took place in eight cities across the United States over a five-month period.

MEDIA MARKETING PUBLIC RELATIONS AGENCY, City, ST » YYYY ~ YYYY

Public relations firm specializing in beauty companies, products and services,

Senlor Account Executive

Supervised day-to-day account activity, achieved and maintained primary interface with dient contacts, managed junior
staff, implemented new account programs, plans and strategies and managed account implementation.
