Mia Williams Junior Front-End Developer | React Expert

help@enhancvicom linkedin com - ¢ Washington, OC.

SUMMARY
-------

Energetic Junior Front-End Developer with over 2 years of professional experience focusing on React-based applications. Proficient with
JavaScript, TypeScript, and Git. Developed over 10 user-centered React applications and troubleshooted 50+ website properties. Looking forward
to adding value through my passion and expertise.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Front-End Developer

Syntax Technotogies 8 2019-2020 © Wasnington. OC.
Cong riteAed to tromtend developement with a primacy focus on React based ct

- Developed 10+ wier-tocuned, moder React applications remdting in 15% improved user

experience.
- Troubleshot and maintaines 7 company websites, ensuring fast and optimat performance.
- Worked Closety with the content team 10 optimize wetutes for axcessitility and speed, increasing site traffic by 20%.

Web Developer
Innova i 3 2018-2019 9 Washington. OC, Responsible for designing and maintaining company’s web properties.

- Implemented React Hooks in 5 projects. enhancing code reusabiity and efficiency.

- Unlined Git for version cantret across alt projects. ensuring seamiess team collaberation,
- Idenbtied and fixed $0 issues in web properties, improving website wnability.

Web Development Intern

Neural Networks 3 2016-2018 = Washington, OC.

Part of the development team working on frontend technologies.

- Gained hands on experience with lawaScrige and Type Script, contributing to warious: Cevelopment proyects.

- Assisted in maintaining and troubleshooting porttote of websites ening seamiess user experience.

- Developed understanding of Sass and Bootstrap, working on side projects and tasks

EDUCATION
--------- Master's degree in Computer Science
Georgetown University 8 2015-2017 @ Warrington. Oc.

Bachelor's degree in Information Technology
American University 03.2011-2015 @ Wastington OC

LANGUAGES English

Native @eeee Spanish Intermediate @@

STRENGTHS

5 es Quickly adapted to the sophisticated React ecosystem at Syntax Fechnologies, contributing
to major projects within the first few months.

Collaborative

‘Successfully collaborated with 2 team of Gevelopers and content creators at Innova Solutions, improving site traffic by 20%

boy

SKILLS
------ React React Hooks JavaScript TypeScript_ - Mobx MST Sass

CERTIFICATIONS
--------------

Advanced React and Redux

Certificate Course by Udemy focusing on advanced concepts of React and Redux.

Modern JavaScript: From Novice to Ninja Completed comprehensive course by Udemy on Modern JavaScript.

PASSIONS

t ‘Web Development Mave creating interactive, efficient, and user- trienty web applications that add value to
businesses.


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University