Senior SQL Server Developer FIRES a3) 188 2.28

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Emily Walsh

linkedin.conyqwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.

OBJECTIVE
---------

Senior SQL Server Developer with 10 plus years of experience in professional application and
database development with thorough knowledge of different phases of software development lifecycle including analysis, design, development, documentation, deployment and systern
support. Experience in designing of the database in SQL Server 2012, 2008, 2005 and 2000.

Hands on experience in writing T-SQL queries, Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions (UDF),
Cursors, Derived Tables, Views, and Ttiggers.

SKILLS
------

SSIS/SQL 2005/2008 R2, ActiveBatch V9, ERWIN 8 Data Modeling Tool, XML Scherna, FTP,BIDS, Visual Studio2010,

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior SQL Server Developer
Silkroad Technologies - December 2009 - Present

Working with client/business analysts to define data requirernents for enterprise analytical
reporting needs.

Designing and developing the autornated routines (scripts etc,) to facilitate the application
development and deployment process,

Maintaining DB schema and code change management using TFS and Redgates SQL compare.
Maintaining the product application data which Is critical in product lifecycle and efficiently
implementing the data migration in each release.

Implementing the heartbeat product role-based security which defines access to each individual functionality based on their role-based permissions.

Involving in database design, application development of health benefits functionality and
developed mission-critical benefits eligibility exception report.

Developing SQL routines for complex, enterprise-level application development tasks involving hierarchical tree structures.

SQL Server Developer
ABC Corp - 2008 - 2009

Prototyped the ETL solution using SQL server 2008 R2 Change Data Capture (CDC), Designed and implemented a trigger based historical data change capture audit mechanism,
Developed complex stored procs which consumes and exports data in XML to support payroll/benefits data exchange,

Designed and implemented data rarts using dimensional modeling for cients KPI reporting requirements,

Designed ETL SSIS packages to load data Into the data warehouse on daily basis to perform the incremental historical data load from source to staging environment and into the
enterprise data warehouse,

Partnered with the business to determine end user database/reporting needs and requirements,

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
