CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

TUAN LEFORT

MECHANICAL ENGINEER

@) +91-933 092 9083 ©) Amsterdam, Netherlands (=) info@mycvdesigner.com

& PROFILE SUMMARY

A performance driven experienced professional in the mechanical engineering field complet-
ed many research based projects that specializes on the influence of lubricant content on the
mechanical properties and ability to lead team members to ensure the job done.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

MECHANICAL DESIGN ENGINEER @ Jan’16- Present

neelevat

Neele-Vat, Amsterdam LOGISTICS

Organized different GUI’s for transmission and channel with noise filtering mechanism at the
receiver on MATLAB Platform.

Performed extensive work in video motion estimation, morphological image processing, aliasing, transform coding, 2D sampling, filtering and interpolation.

Developed many business models which are the source of power supply in many rural and urban areas across the state.

Handling a team of 30 members and continuously driving them to success in many projects.

Research on various robotic technology and GUls’ for the project organized by The Amster- dam University professors.

Shared knowledge based on traditional and modern manufacturing techniques to many events.

Worked on many technical projects for the farm and implemented various objects and its effectibility.

MECHANICAL ENGINEER e¢ Aug’14 Nov’15

- -T-N

Implemented various machinery for the industry to higher the production rate.

Eaton Industries, Hengelo

Documented statistics of the machinery inside the warehouse and provide it to the official
every week.

Analyzes machinery conflicts and assists the workers find the solution.

Maintain daily production, purchase and shipping records and provide the same to the supervisor.

Operate standard/modern technology Machinery used for production & delivery purposes.

M EDUCATION

2014 Bachelor of Science in Engineering (Mechanical)

j university of Oo. Pa groningen

University of Groningen

MAJOR TRAINING & ACTIVITIES

Summer training for future machine and inventor, University of Groningen
Faculty of Science and Engineering(FSE) from University of Groningen, 2013

PhD - Doctor of Philosophy in Mechanical, Maritime and Materials Engineering, 2011

SOFTWARES

Safety Regulation

a

2D / 3D Modeling

- _ - _§_ - _o

Material Analysis

ee

Project Management

- _ >

Team Management

- - - - -

Leadership & Analytical Skill

- - - - _ 0

Mechanism

MatLab AutoCAD

HTML 5

& ProlENGINEER’

wil i o fF ' Rg E

ZS soumworks a MATEAE

Mantesoft A 4uTocao

HTML

orice EF re

of?
- r s&s Linked[f) 3

www.linkedin.ir ’ 409 .2k0k20
