CANDIDATE LEVEL: Lead / Principal-Level Candidate

Robert Smith

Lead Senior Sql Server Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

8 years of IT experience in database design, developrnent and support of Microsoft SQL Server for Production/Development environments, Hands on
experience In dealing with Relational Database Management Systerns, including Stored Procedures, Constraints, Querying, Joins, Keys, Indexes,
Data Import/Export, Triggers and Cursors, Normalization.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Lead Senior Sqi Server Developer
ABC Corporation- June 2013 - July 2014 Responsibilities:

= Deployed SSIS Package into Production and used Package configuration to export various package properties to rnake package environment
Independent.

- Built SQL[] cluster environments on VMware or Physical windows.

= Performed installations of SQL on clustered and standalone servers Uparadtions of sql server versions and applying patches and hot fixes.

- Involved in developrnent &amp;Deployment of SSAS Cubes and Monitor Full and Incrernental loads and support any Issues,

= Created SSIS packages for File Transfer from one location to the other using FTP task with Master SSIS Package to run all other packages
Adding nodes to already existing clustered servers as a part of data loadHigh availability.

= Configured Transactional Replication and Log Shipping with SQL Server Management Implementation of SQL server logins, Roles and
Authentication modes as a part of security policies.

= Identified and Defined Key Perforrnance Indicators in SSAS Work on weekly Issues reports which are generated as a part of infrastructure
setup.

Senior Sq! Server Developer
Delta Corporation- 2011-2013 Responsibilities:
= Responsibilities As a member of Database and BI Reporting tearm ,

extensively worked on T-SQLs, Data loads and Reports for Land Administration &arnp; Revenue Accounting groups Created reports
using SSRS from various sources like SQL Server [] and Cubes frorn Analysis Services Involved in extracting Data from various data sources
involving oracle, SQLServer, Flat Files, Legacy databases and other sources from various business units Involved in ETL Loads using
SSIS/DTS Packages frorn various heterogeneous source systerns like ARIES, TOWL and JIB into the databases for Dashboard Reporting on a
daily basis Involved in designing Aggregations and pre-calculations in SSAS [] Involved in writing stored procedures for both Online and Batch
requests handling business logic and functionality of various revenue modules Involved In package migration frorn DTS to SSIS, running
upgrade advisor against DTS Packages before migration,
- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quékresume. com. Usage Gukielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume,.com
www.qwikresume.com

Microsoft SSIS, Microsoft SSRS, DTS, Transact- SQL, Oracle, Microsoft SSAS.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS
---------

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company

Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)
