Robert Smith SQNTACT RETAILS

1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

Volunteer Client Advocate (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Highly qualified individual offering more than 20 years of social service SKILLS

experience, Results focused and effectual leader with proven ability to Microsoft Office, Can
develop and maintain programs. Talent for proactively identifying and type average of 88
resolving problems, eliciting program support, referrals, volunteers and WPM., Custorner Service,
donations. Ability to collaborate with other agencies, Ability to work with nt

diverse groups, Walks with integrity, py inte

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Volunteer Client Advocate LANGUAGES
ABC Corporation- July 2014 - September 2015 English (Native) Re sponsibilities: Medree op filerapeterddl
- Collaborated with tear from various professions to develop a program F providing social and supportive services to first time female felons. = Established measures for tracking progress of clients, INTERESTS
- Assisted clients charged with felonies in accessing services to assist in Climbing developing life skills that prevent reoffending. Snowboarding
- Connected clients to mental health and substance abuse services as Cooking needed. Reading

= Assisted women with building resurnes, finding employment, and applying for benefits,
- Advocated on behalf of clients in the courtroom with judges and REFERENCES attorneys in both family and criminal court. fe C
- Corducted needs assessment with clients In and out of jail. pawn aX halted Antes 2 (Company

Client Advocate Name)
ABC Corporation- 2012 - 2014 Re sponsibilities:
= Resolved questions regarding clients mortgages, including payrnents, escrow, documents, and web services.
= Utilized avarienty of programs to respond to client Inquiries.
= Assisted in the training of new client advocates by reviewing call structures and client satisfaction requirments.
= Recognized my managernent for client cornpliments.
= Received 100% client satisfaction award.
- Skills Used Trianing in client satisfaction and call structure. = Mortgage information training.,

EDUCATION
---------

Bachelor's in Psychology - August 2009(University of Oklahoma - Norman, OK)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).