Jamal Jackson

Business Growth Operational Excellence Customer Satisfaction

Continuous Professional Development

Problem Management Client Participation HR Issues

Technical Resource Management

PROFESSION AL MBA French speaker

German speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS Entrepreneurial spint Persuasive & articulate Re kationship development

Influencing skills

Nigel Brookes Business Operations Manager

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A sell-starter, with bags of energy, who is always leading the eam from the front and who is not frightened W tke the initiative. Nigel has the ability w work
independently in an environment of change, challenge, multiple deadlines and priorities. He has extensive experience of Business Operational mamers and is
passionate about supporting individuals and businesses to excel. Ay a high achiever who has a successful record of delivery and exceeding targets, he can be relied upon
to cut all unnecessary costs and hit all goals set for him. He is an outstanding individual, eager to deliver excellence at every opportunity , and right now he is
looking for a suitable senior managerial position with an exciting company that is looking to employ individuals of the highest calibre_

CAREER HISTORY

Insurance Company - Coventry

BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER April 2009 - Preset

Respansible for meeting all relevant siatuiory and mandatory requirements associated with operations and for working within the framework of the company's core values. as
well as promoting is ethos and mission statement

Duties:

- Overall responsibility for short/medium term planning and organisation of all TeSUTOES |

Developing and managing interdisciplinary teams for multi-party projects.
Participating in the sales process by Mentilying business deve lopment potential.
Writing up reports on business operations for the executive staff.

Attending regular progress meetings with Senior Managers and Directors, Creating a positive culmire where the work can get dene

Identifying and managing risks, issues and dependencies.

When appropriate, provide operational cover for absent Senior Managers.

Mortgage Broker - Manchester
ASSISTANT MANAGER May 2008 - March 2009

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Business development attributes

Establishing and implementing goals and objectives.

Knowledge and understanding of the financial information echnology- Proven tack record of developing and implementing business strategies,
Having a mature approach to set-backs.

Awareness of and sensitivity © cultural diversity.

Staring knowledge and expertise in a highly professional manner, Decision making in a pressured, commercial driven environment.
