PMO Analyst Fhaine: (1239 486 78,90

Email: info@qwikresume.com

Maria Garcia

Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama

OBJECTIVE
---------

PMO Analyst with 5+ years in business and gaining invaluable client-facing experience, I've decided
to change careers to web development, I find programming and problem-solving more fulfilling than
anything I've done so far in my career. Over the last year, | have worked on Icarming new programming languages and algorithmic problem-solving.

Ruby, HTML 5, CSS3, SQL, Javascript.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

PMO Analyst
ABC Corporation - March 2013 - February 2015

Developed unique Project Methodology for Vistex.

Created detailed instructions, summary whitepaper, template and accelerator documents needed to launch the Methodology across all regions.

Provided a structure for managing projects and customer relations at Vistex,

Presented final Methodology to business in the form of a PowerPoint presentation.

Obtained buy-in from upper management as key milestones were completed.

Coordinated 15+ ongoing projects for the European region, including the resources, budgets,
documentation, quality reviews, and the CRM database.

Led to marked improvements in resource tracking and QA process adherence,

PMO Analyst

Delta Corporation - 2010-2013

Facilitated account level management of high priority TCS client /vendor generating $106M annually.

Responsible for revenue management, Invoice monitoring. project resource management, contract management, business /account plans, process .

Introduced Pre-checks and automated tasks reducing the billing cycle and achieving aceuracy
with 100% completion rate from the previous counts of 80% -

Created Metrics reports on GAMMIS performance for company and client usage, and provided analysis of information for project direction Evaluated and -

Implement and maintain governance standards across the portfolio, including tracking, monitoring and updating the status of project deliverables .

Collaborated with workstream leads in tracking and reporting project deliverables Assisted
program and project managers to create and communicate .

Experience working in a gobal environment with a project team dispersed across multiple countries Strong familiarity with project management -

EDUCATION
---------

MS

- This Free Resume Template ts the copyright of Qwikres umecom. Usage Guidelines
