Information Technology Manager Pb 2) 456 8 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

R O B E RT S M IT H Website: cammmemmery

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

More than 17 years of experience applying people, process, problern-solving, and technical skills
to improve Individual, tearn and organizational performance. An impassioned tearn leader who
mentors with purpose and understands that strong working relationships create great tears and
product exceptional results.

SKILLS
------

WIN 2000 MCSE - 2002, NT 4,0 MSCS --1999, VMWare ESXi 5 and Server.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Information Technology Manager
NDS, Inc. - June 2013 - 2019

Plan, organize, control and evaluate IT and electronic data operations.

Design, develop, Implernent and coordinate systerns, policies and procedures,

Ensure security of data, network access and backup systerns,

Act in alignment with user needs and systern functionality to contribute to organizational
policy,

Manage staff by recrulting, training and coaching ernployees, communicating job expectations
and appraising their performance.

identifying problernatic areas and irmplernenting strategic solutions.

Preserve assets, information security and control structures,

Information Technology Manager
ABC Corporation - january 2010 - June 2012

Primarily responsible for evaluating and developing company-wide technical strategy to streamline functions and Improve productivity.

Responsible for stabilizing and improving a multi-entity company network frorn headquarters
through six (6) branch offices,

24/7 On-call in support of data center network operations.

Responsible for managing, mentoring, and developing a tearm of four (4) IT Professionals.
Responsible for firewall routing for various network services including video, voice, and data
signals,

Responsible for extracting and manipulating data frorn acquired cornpanies for database import,

Asis sales in presenting technical projects to potential customers such as IP Based CCTV, Access Control, and Network Build-outs, etc.

EDUCATION
---------

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Professional working proficiency in English.