Food and Beverage Director Pb 2) 456 8 9

Email: Info@qwikresurne.com

ROBERT SMITH semen

linke din.com/qwikresume
Address; 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna,

OBJECTIVE
---------

Highly self-motivated and results-driven hospitality professional with a Master's in Business
Administration and more than 18 years providing leadership and motivating service tearns In
delivering superior custorner service in the hospitality Industry, Detail oriented, analytical and
methodical with insightful critical thinking to strategize solutions in addressing process and
people-centric work issues even Linder stressful work conditions,

SKILLS
------

Customer Service, Receptionist.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Food and Beverage Director
ABC Corporation - 2013 - 2014

Managing custorner service operations, training, motivating, and directing 20-person Customer Service &amp; Maintenance Team, and providing Best-in-Class customer service,
Procuring, managing, and allocating supply, beverage, food, and gift shop inventories, minimizing waste and shrinkage, and maximizing profit margins,

Providing one-on-one team training, modeling superior customer service strategies, and Improving customer service quality and quest satisfaction,

Developed and presented a strategic costing model and performance analysis report to the Executive Chef and General Manager, and facilitated a more effident decision-making
process,

Orchestrated and managed private parties and catering events for corporate and private
groups ranging from 100 to 300 quests, directed bartending and service staff, and assured.
seamless event execution from start to finish,

Shouldered profit and loss accountability, managed/administered operating budget, and substantially reduced operating expense.

Sourced and established strategic vendor relationships, negotiated market-competitive food,
beverage, capital equipment, and maintenance agreement purchases, controlled operating costs, and optimized RO! Strategically scheduled personnel, balanced shift coverage, and
decreased labor expense,

Food And Beverage Director
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2013

Hired to consult in a $5 million renovation process of the entire hotel (8 month project) Reconstruct and reopen restaurant and bar which was closed for 5 years.

Reintroduce to the local community with great success Attended dally construction planning
meetings to coordinate progress of the plan.

Reopened restaurant attached to the hotel with great local and in house guests reviews Resurrected challenged food and beverage departrnent Manage all aspects food and
beverage operations in 195 Roorn Hotel.

Managed 25,000 sq.

ft.

- This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Suidelines


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
University of Michigan