ROBERT SMITH

Digital Media Specialist |
info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Current Paid Search Specialist, but looking to utilize diverse and refined digital marketing skills towards working with creative content.

SEPTEMBER 2013 - JUNE 2014 DIGITAL MEDIA SPECIALIST | - ABC CORPORATION

Working with the marketing team in acquiring new subscribers through social media outlets.

Implementing marketing campaigns and executing using email newsletters, SEO, and SEM.

Basecamp and email platforms to create and carry out projects with marketing and merchandising teams.

Overseeing and updating site homepage and email visuals through communication with 10 team members,

Copywriting for homepage, email blasts, and products,

Work currently as a private contractor doing corporate and music videos.
Work very closely with digital workflows and pipdines for visual effects-heavy projects.

2010 - 2013
- MEDIA SPECIALIST - ABC CORPORATION

Amherst, NY January 2013-January 2014 LocalEdge A Hearst Media Services Company, leading the transition to web-based adverting for any size business.
Through the development of proprietary technology and partnerships with a full line of digital products thathelp customers reach and interact with todays
consumer

Digital Media Specialist Responsible for calling local, small to mid-size business to integrate print and internet marketing products into ther business

Exceed sales goals into existing base by creating value and differentiating from our competitors.

Creating out call and lead generating activities to Uncover new clients in the area to grow sales,

Scanning our competitive landscape to remain cutting edge.

Aid in developing marketing collateral and value based presentations to help in the sale of products and services.

EDUCATION
---------
Bachelor of Arts in Communications- 2010(Ohio State University - Columbus,

- The Free Resume Template 8 the copyright of Qwikre wipe.com. Usage Guidelines


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).