SHANE GOMEZ

WEB DEVELOPER

DETAILS

422 Rosebud Lane
‘San Biege, CA 92106 United States

PHONE
(09) 703-9814

on wine gmeriZ7Ogrnalicom

SKILLS
------

Visual Design Skills eeene

Knowledgabie in User Interface/ User Experience eee Adaptability eee

Database Management e@ecoo

‘Strong Leadership Skills eeoee

Programming eee

Adaptability eee

LANGUAGES

Brazilian

PROFILE
-------

Experienced web developer adept in all stages of advanced web development,

Knowledgeable in user interface, testing, and debugging processes. Bringing forth expertise in design, installation. testing and maintenance of web systems Equipped
with a diverse and promising skill-set_ Proficient in an assortment of technologies, inctuding Java, ASP.NET, C8, 1S. Tomcat. and Microsoft SQt Server. Able toeffectively
seit- manage during independent projects, as well as collaborate in a team setting.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Senior Web Developer, Allen Hamilton ‘San Diego
Aug 2011 - Sep 2019

- Planned, developed, tested, deployed, and maintained web applications.

- Provided effective troubleshooting and remediation for web apptications

- Wrote SQL statemonts and stored procedures,

- Worked well independently and within a tear setting,

- Effectively vansiated client requirements into application designs and systems requirements.

- Followed policies and procedures related to application methods and quality standards at all times.

Junior Web Developer, Millbank and Morrison
Aug 2008 - 3ul 20n

- Worked as a productive and positive team member to design, code, test, report, and debug operations.

- Managed front-end and back-end development in the company’s Portfolio Analyst, Employee Track. and Account Management systems.

- Successfully identified, diagnosed, and fixed website problems, including

broken links, typographical errors, and formatting issues.

Helped to achieve a consistent look and visual theme across the website by

Promoting uniform fonts, formatting. images, and layout.

- Worked to assess competing websites in regards to content, look, and feel

Evaluated and became knowledgeable in new standards, technologies, and

trends in website development.

Los Angelos

EDUCATION
---------

Master of Computer Science, University of California Los Angelos.
at Los Angeles

Aug 2008 - May 2010

Bachelor of Computer Science, Pepperdine Mahbu:

University
Aug 2004 - Aug 2008

Nm


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Member, Chess Club. Treasurer, Debate Team.