Robert Smith

Middleware/Devops Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Experience in working on version control systerns like Subyersion and GIT and used Source code management client tools like Tortoise SVN, Stash,
SourceTree, Git Bash, GitHub, Git GUI, and other cornrmand-line applications, etc, Good understanding of the principles and best practices
of Software Configuration Managernent (SCM) in Agile, Scrurn and Waterfall methodologies, Created SCM Process, policies, procedures, and Release
Notes to follow Developrnent and allow QA tearns to Release or Deploy the highest quality product for the enterprise.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Middieware/Devops Engineer
ABC Corporation- March 2015 - Present Re sponsibilties:

- Supporting multiple tears for multiple applications including java/j2ee and, Net.

- Maintaining detailed documentation of moderately cornplex systern specifications, including systern installation procedures, systern backup, recovery techniques, and system test methods,

- Developing and implernenting an agile SDLC and refinernent of the software configuration management (SCM) infrastructure,

- Deploying the java applications into web application servers like apache torncat.

= Performing all necessary day-to-day subversion functions for the project like merging, creating branches and tags using tortoise svn.

- = Managing application software codebase including branching and versioning.

- Designing and implementing subversion metadata including elernents, labels, attributes, triggers, and hyperlinks,

DevOps Engineer
ABC Corporation- December 2013 - March 2015 Responsibilities:

= Responsibilities supported multiple teams for multiple applications including java/j2ee and los.

= Provided detailed documentation of complex bulld and release process, mops, build cycles and calendars including creating build reports and
release notes.

- Assisted prn and rm creating weekly status reports, roadmaps and other presentations.

= Implemented best practices of agile methodology to speed up the delivery process efficiently.

- Was an active member of daily starid up meetings, bug scrubbing meetings, and sprint planning meetings as best practices of agile environment,

= Worked closely with developers, QA teams, product owners and other stakeholders to deliver software through the build and deployment

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

SCM Tools: Subversion, GIT, Build Tools: Ant, Maven, MS Build, XCode.
Cl & CD Tools: Jenkins, Anthill Pro, Barnbao, Chef, Puppet, Docker, Bug Tracker & Testing Tools: JIRA, Bugzilla,
Redmine, junit, HP Quality Center, Test Flight, And Test Rail.
Project Managernent Tools: Base Camp, MS Project, MS Share Point, Atlassian Tools, Team Foundation Server, and
Demandware, SDLC:
Agile, Scrum Methodologies, Waterfall, Environments Servers: JBOSS, Apache Torncat, Intellij IDEA,
Oracle Web Logic, IBM Web Sphere, IIS Server Integrated Development.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
---------------------
Volunteer, Local Food Bank. Member, Community Service Club.