Robert Smith

Store Graphic Artist

PERSONAL STATEMENT

More than 20 years experience In apparel sportswear design for printing and production, Also, Reviewing illustrative material, prornoting, and
negotiating, Over 2 years experience in management with human resource responsible, such as hiring, firing, and scheduling. Strong background in all
phases of creative designing, production, and problern solving, . Trained in areas of branding, strong creative coceptual promoting, designing and
advertising.

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

Store Graphic Artist
ABC Corporation- July 2008 - May 2011 Responsibilities:
- Prepared illustrations and rough sketches of material, discussing thern with clients and supervisors and making necessary changes. = Marked up, pasted, and assembled final layouts to prepare layouts for printer.
- = Used computer software to generate new images, and separations for production. = Determined size and arrangement of illustrative material and copy, and selected style and size of type.
- Created designs, concepts, and sample layouts based on knowledge of layout principles and aesthetic design concepts. = Keyed information into computer equipment to create layouts for client and supervisor. = Reviewed final layouts and suggested improvernents as needed,

Graphic Artist
ABC Corporation- 2005 - 2008 Responsibilities:
= Secondary Positions Billing, Shipping, Quoting, and Assistant Press
Production August 20 2012 - Novernber 8 2013 Duties Process or create new artwork from custorners submitted order,
- Submit proof for customers approval.
- Maintain all pre-press production equipment. = Create invoices for custorners order, = Assist or cornplete all shipping orders. = Some experience quoting customers order requests. = Laid off due to the decrease of business.

EDUCATION
--------- Associate of Arts in Visual Arts - (Art Institute of Atlanta)

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume. com. Usage Gukielines

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshwille Road, Alabarna

(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com

Customer satisfaction, Email handling, Call handling,.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Name)


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Arizona State University