Robert Smith

AWS DevOps Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT

8+ Plus years of Build & Release and DevOps Engineer Extensive Experience in implementing and making teams adapt to Release/Change
Management Process Experience with Continuous Integration Tools (TFS, Jenkins, Hudson & Tearn City) Experience with software developrnent
methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile & Scrum. Good Knowledge In bash (shell) /Perl/Expect and exposure to Jython, Python scripting, Hands-on
experience on Build and deployment of SOA applications like Oracle Service Bus (OSB), Oracle Policy Modeling (OPM) and Oracle Business Process
Management (BPM).

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

AWS DevOps Engineer
ABC Corporation- June 2012 - Present Responsibilities:

= Bullding and maintaining cloud formation ternplates, chef cookbooks, and scripts to automate and deploy AWS resources and confi guration
changes.

- Integrating subversion into Hudsorvjenkins to automate the code check- out process used Hudson/Hudsoryjenkins for automating builds and automating deployments maintained the shell and Perl scripts for the automation purposes,

= Integrating jira with git hub version control maintained and administered Jira and assigned the roles for the users.

= Updating all the activities in jira for the application tearn in order to track the status of the user stories or defects.

= Performance tuning and stress-testing of NoSQL database environments In order to ensure acceptable database performance in production
mode.

= Focusing on architecting NoSQL databases like Mongo, Cassandra and cache database,

- Creating and deploying VMS on the Microsoft cloud service azure, managing the virtual network, azure ad, and SQL databases, and developed PowerShell scripts to autornate all of the aforementioned tasks.

DevOps Engineer
ABC Corporation- October 2011 - May 2012 Re sponsibilities:
= Responsibilities Design roles and groups using AWS identity and access management (IAM) utilize AWS CLI to automate backups of ephemeral
data-stores to s3 buckets, EBS and create nightly AMIs for mission- critical production servers as backups.
= Designed, wrote and built deployment using ant/ shell scripting and automate the overall process using subversion and anthill pro,
- Developed chef and ruby based autornated DevOps solution to provide consistent platforms across multiple cloud providers for cornplex multt

- This Eree Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines

CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

Bulld Tools Ant, Maven, Gradle, NANT DevOps Docker, Nagios, Chef, Puppet, Openstack & AWS Working Knowledge
Scripting Languages Linux Sheel Scripting And Advanced Shell Scripting Configuration Management Perforce,
Subversion, GIT, PVCS Version Manager, Bit Bucket Cl Tools Jenkins, AntHillPro, Tearncity,
Bamboo. Operating Systems Windows, Unix, RHEL And Solaris Databases Oracle, MySql, MSAccess, SQL
Server Change Managernent Remedy, and Service Now.

English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)

NTERESTS

Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading

Reference - 1 (Company Name) Reference - 2 (Company Narne)


EDUCATION (INSTITUTION)
------------------------
Harvard University