CANDIDATE LEVEL: Senior-Level Candidate

SUMMARY
-------

SKILLS
------

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

EDUCATION
--------- AND TRAINING

LANGUAGES

CERTIFICATI ONS

Jessica Claire

@ 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor e (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

- 7+ years of SAP experience, working with Implementation, rollout and Support projects.

- Very good knowledge on order to cash (OTC) processes.

- Closely Worked with MM and Fl on integration with SD.

- Well versed with the usage of ASAP methodology - scoping, project preparation, business blue printing, realization, final preparation, go-live and continuous support.

- Expertise in document types, condition techniques, Pricing Procedures, Output Determination, Item Category determination, Schedule line determination, Partner determination, Revenue Account determination, Credit Management and Billing documents.

- Pricing Experience: Configuration of Condition Types, Condition Tables and Access Sequences, Creation of Condition Records.
- Configuration of Customer Master, Material Master, Pricing, and Bill of Material {BOM}, and creating the required Number Ranges for further processing when processing the Sales Document Types.

- “Good understanding of Availability check and Transfer of Requirements.

- Experience in different types of order processes like Rush order, Cash Sale, Return Order, Credit memo, debit memo and Free Goods.

- Extensive knowledge on Special Sales Scenarios Viz., Consignment Sale, Stock Transfers, Third Party Order, Inter & intra Company Sales.

Integrated the Customer EDI requirements and created partner profiles for different EDIs.

- Created Partner functions and assigned them to the existing Partner determination procedure as per business requirement
- Designed and developed standard IDOC changes to custom IDOC to meet the customer requirements, tested the changes and involved in addressing the go live issues.

- Worked extensively on configuration, Unit & Integration Testing, End-User Training, User Acceptance Test, Documentation and Production Support.

SAP Sales and Distribution SAP Customer master

SAP Order to Cash Pricing Condition Techniques

SAP ECC IDocs

SAP SD CONSULTANT 03/2016 to CURRENT

Accenture Contractor Jobs | Farmington, CT

Title - Hallmark IT development/support offshore for Hallmark Card's, Inc.

Period - Offshore {March 2016 - April 2018)

Onshore [April 2018 - till date}

Client Name - Hallmark Card's, inc.,

Position SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

- Active feam member

- Application support and maintenance

- Providing permanent fixes for recurring abnormal ends.

Carried out the following activities:

End to End appiication support on a 24*7 support.

Incident monitoring in ticketing tool.

Analyze defects and track them and identify the root cause of the issue.

Provided permanent fixes for recurring abnormal ends.

Identifying GAPS in different SAP OTC/MTI areas and initiate Process improvement as a GAP analysis.
Regular discussion with the client and co-ordinate with offshore team to deliver 100% error free delivery.
Delivering the project as per schedule deadlines and maintenance support to the client.

Co-ordinate with the respective stakeholders and drive the project to successful completion

Compiling and writing Functional documentation of new requirements and changes and subsequent revisions.

SAP SD CONCULTANT 07/2013 to 02/2016 Accenture Contractor Jobs | Fort Dix, NJ

Title - PRI Patching Project

Period - June 2015 - February 2016

Client - British Petroleum

Location - Kolkata, India

Position - SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

- Active team member

- Testing new Changes in different environment

- Interface testing with SAP with third-party Applications

Canmied out the following activities:

Baseline Configuration for OTC process.

Coordinating tickets/defects & assign to the process team in the marvel tool.
Output Configuration- Output Determination using Condition Technique.
Pricing Configuration - Create Condition Table, Maintain Access sequence.
Maintain Base Price Report.

Configuring Incompletion Log

Unit Testing of the newly implemented changes

Title “Voyager” Heineken

Period November 2014 - May 2015

Client Name - Heineken

Carried out the following :

Baseline Configuration for OTC process.

Coordinating tickets/defects & assign to the process team in the marvel tool.
Output Configuration- Output Determination using Condition Technique.
Pricing Configuration - Create Condition Table, Maintain Access sequence.
Maintain Base Price Report.

Configuring Incompletion Log

Unit Testing of the newly implemented changes

Position - SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

- Active Team member

- Defect Analyst

Title - Friesland Campina

Period - July 2013 to October 2014.

Client Name - Friesland Campina

Position - SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

Requirement analysis of the application to be developed.
Understanding and Designing of Use Case, Class & Sequence Diagram.
Building application.

Unit Testing.

System Testing.

Canied out the following

End to End Scenario testing of the OTS/OTD tests Scripts.

Identifying proper master data in different markets/Systems for the Test Scripts.

Performing Environment Checkup for new Environment & Analyzing defects in ITC Testing.

Performed Environment Health Checkup for ECC & EWM Interface.
Master Data Validation before & after Technical GO-Live.

SAP SD CONOJLTANT 11/2010 to 07/2013 Accenture Contractor Jobs | Gaithersburg, MD

Providing the solutions for user making mistakes

Participating the month end & year end activities in country version India

As a SD Consultant with the live implementation core team.

Involved in the AS4S study of Organization structure and business re-engineering process.

Configured the baseline configuration of the Organization structure and prepared documentation.

Worked with the Gap Analysis, suggesting alternative solutions for the gaps in the form of developments.

Defining and assigning the Enterprise structure with documentation.

Creation and customization of customer master records.

Configuration of relevant Sales Documents like Inquiry, Quotation, Sales Order and customized their utilities as per End user request
Configuration of Various Basic Functions in Sales and Distribution like Incompletion logs, Text determination, Partner determination,
Material determination.

Worked with Pricing [Condition Records, Condition Types, Condition Tables, Access Sequence and Pricing Procedures}.
Formulating the end user training for SD module in SAP R/3, which included preparing End user Manuals and imparting classroom
training.

Bachelor of Information Technology | Information Technology 07/2010 Vidya Jyothi Institute of Technology, Hyderabad, India

English: Hindi:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Assamese: Bengali:
Negotiated: Negotiated:

SAP Certified Application Associate - Sales and Distribution, ERP 6.0 Enp7
