ROBERT SMITH Volunteer Data Scientist

Phone: (0123)-456-789

SUMMAR

Have hands on experience in writing MapReduce jobs using Java, Managing Single node and Multi node
Cluster Configuratians. Writing Pig Lain scripts and pig commands, Configuring Zoo Keeper, Cassandra &
Flume to the existing hadoop cluster, Experience in building predictive models using machine leaming
techni ques. Performed importing and exporting data into HDPS and Hive using Sqoop, Hive queries.

SKILLS
------

Python, Matlab, Git, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Machine Leaming, C++, Latex, Java, Scala, HTML,
Hadoop, SQL.

WORK FATHIO ENCE

Volunteer Data Scientist
ABC Corponition - January 2015 - May 2015

- Analyzed MTA subway data and New York City census data to determine traffic flows and demogniphic patterns of New York City.

® Used Beautiful Soup to scrape publicly available movie dan to better understand the relationship

between box office performance and distribution company.

Using sci-kit leam, ran linear regression and built a model of box office performance.

Based on model, identified two distribution companies whose revenue outperformed peers.

Used mutplotlib and zeveal.js to communicate results of research.

Project McNulty Setup SQL database on cloud server, storing clients data for query analysis,

Used Pythons scikit-learn library to understand details of client telemarketing campaign.

Data Scientist
ABC Corponition - 2010-2015

- Created multiple projects including |,

- PLANT LEAF SPECIES CLASSIFICATION Built artificial neural networks to carectly classify plant leaf species using binary images and a probabilistic framework of margin, shape, and texture features,

- ‘Technologies used Python, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Scipy, Keras 2.

- CUSTOMER POTENTIAL PREDICTION Created a clussification model that identities customers with the highest potential business value based on their characteristics and activities,

® Technologies used Pythan, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, XGboost 3.

- MOBILE USER DEMOGRAPHICS CLASSIFICATION Built a model to predict users demogmiphie characteristics based on their upp usage, geolocation, and mobile device properties:

- ‘Technologies used Python, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Scipy, Keras.

- This Ens Resume Tomphats 2 the copyright of Qwikrewimecom, Usage Gaildedi nes


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Native English speaker.