RITA HADLEY
25 Solo Road | Kingsville, CT 84523 | T: 804.673.5026 | Email: rittahadley@me.com

Driven and analytical professional with a history of executive level management. Conducts financial analysis,
engages in strategic planning, and implements policies and procedures. Effective liaison between departments
to ensure that all groups are working in cohesion. Proven track record of improving productivity and
reducing costs. Experience as an educator and engineer were crucial in developing collaborating,
interpersonal, problem solving, and organization skills. Developed an ability to drive projects to completion
on time and with limited resources,

CORE SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Cost-Benefit Analysis Inter-department collaboration

Resource Allocation Policies and Procedures

Administrative Organization Strong working relationships

Microsoft Office Microsoft Visio and Project obe Acrobat

WORK EXPERIENCE
---------------

PROJECTS INC.

Director of Operations and Human Resources Manages the day-to-day operations and resources of the
implementing, and coordinating policies and procedures. AMaly#es cost-benefit and plans and implemented
human resource strategy. Ensures that all department it Cohesion by communicating changes in
policies and procedures and acting as a liaison betwee PE eadership, and employees.

(2017-Present) ation by developing, recommending,

(2015-2017) Implemented time and expense tracking sof standardized invoicing and payroll processes,
Designed and maintained tracking tool for co roject costs and finance projection.

Project Manager Ensured that internal projects we

(2011-2015)

d by the deadline and that results were communicated across the fostering strong working relationships which was invaluable in
ultiple departments. Developed and instituted company policies al brand and culture. Monitored and reported operational metrics.

collaborating with senior and procedures an

CHARLOTT d i TRICT (2007-2011)

Bilingual Englis Developed high-qu

Spanish teacher of general education courses for the first, second, and third grades.
ity Spanish curriculum that adhered to state standards.

- Enabled children to academic success with limited time and resources and in a high-pressure environment by catering teaching style to individual and group needs.

= Connected with distressed students with high-poverty, homelessness, trauma, and immigration
challenges to successfully address social, emotional, and cultural needs.

- Built a school-based community through an understanding of parents’ native language and cultural needs and working with many different personalities.

EDUCATION
--------- Edgewood College Madison/MATC, Madison, WI
Bachelor of Elementary Education/ESL Bilingual (2011)

Universidad de los Andes Mérida, Venezuela
Bachelor of Forestry Engineer (1995)


LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
---------------------
Fluent in English (bilingual proficiency).